
                               1 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Bournemouth Echo

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

The Chuckle Brothers were at Halo last night and Twitter was confused

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 535 words


TV favourites the Chuckle Brothers are doing a tour of student nightclubs and
last night they were at Halo Bournemouth.

Judging from our Twitter timeline this morning they went down pretty well,
although not everyone believed it could be true.



As if the chuckle brothers are at @halobournemouth

- Bonnie Burnett (@bonnieburnett) March 17, 2015



Why are the chuckle brothers at HALO

- gabrielle ferrett (@gferrett_) March 16, 2015



But it was, and there were a lot of people wishing they were there.



uckle brothers loving the @halobournemouth stage pic.twitter.com/R41BDci0ND

- Laurence Mills (@laurencemills_) March 17, 2015



Gutted I'm missing @PaulChuckle2 at @halobournemouth tonight

- Beckii. (@BeckiiKemish) March 17, 2015



I'm gutted that @PaulChuckle2 is at @halobournemouth tonight #missedout
#childhood #Legend #chucklevision

- TJ Devlin (@IamTJD) March 17, 2015





How have I only just found out @PaulChuckle2 is at @halobournemouth tonight!
Gutted I'm not going HAVE A GOOD ONE PAUL

- Alice Searcy (@Alice_Searcy) March 16, 2015





OMG THE CHUCKLE BROTHERS ARE AT HALO TONIGHT WHY WILL NO ONE COME WITH ME  #halo

- zoë dennis (@TheGhostOfZoe) March 16, 2015



I want to go and meet the chuckle brothers in halo tonight, my childhood heroes

- Marlowe (@MarloweTamlyn) March 16, 2015



I really wanna go see the chuckle brothers at halo tonight, but I have an exam
tomorrow and an essay I've barely touched #studentproblems

- becca ferris (@beccaferris1) March 16, 2015

Some people went to great lengths to make it...



I'm coming back to bournemouth next week earlier than I need to, purely to go
and see the chuckle brothers at halo

- siobhan arnold (@siobhanarnoldx) March 14, 2015

...and were glad they did.



Childhood Hero's! The Chuckle Brothers! @halobournemouth @PaulChuckle2
pic.twitter.com/L9lRbbr0fE

- Ty Temel (@Ty_Temel) March 17, 2015



Had the best night at @halobournemouth tonight

- Charlotte Blanch (@charblanch) March 17, 2015

Some people lamented how far they'd fallen:



i remember seeing the chuckle brothers live show thing in the pavillion! i feel
bad that they are doing a glum club night in halo tbh

- Josh Samways (@JoshuaSamways) February 25, 2015



You know halo are desperate when the chuckle brothers are there

- Youngbucks (@Buckerz_1296) March 5, 2015



Not being a young person anymore, we're not sure whether this person is pleased
or distressed...



THE CHUCKLE BROTHERS ARE COMING TO HALO IM FINISHED

- Em (@emilyfromearth) March 5, 2015

This attendee was not so impressed...



The chuckle brothers weren't funny 10 years ago, and they certainly aren't funny
now #halo

- Jack Clarke (@Jack_Clarke_) March 17, 2015



But at least they're in illustrious company



So snoop dogg and the chuckle brothers are at Halo Bournemouth next week..

- Jack. (@Jaaack_B) February 24, 2015

Meanwhile, over on the Chuckle Brothers twitter accounts....



(Except as it turns out, that's not really them. Who'd have thought.)



"@MischaPow This is the only tweet I have seen by Barry Chuckle e it to oYou
pic.twitter.com/BQVj9hpiZh" That's not Barry mate!!

- Paul Chuckle (@PaulChuckle2) March 16, 2015

And in case this hasn't made you screw your face up enough already, here's the
Chuckles and Tinchy Stryder doing their 2014 Christmas single.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                               2 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                           November 4, 2006 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Succeeding, one chuckle at a time

BYLINE: Jeff Dedekker, The Leader-Post

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1087  words


The Chuckle Bros are absolutely giddy.

After years of dreaming, hoping and planning for syndication success with their
cartoon series, Brian and Ron Boychuk -- the Chuckle Bros -- are on the verge of
realizing their dream.

Starting Monday, the Chuckle Bros will begin appearing in seven Canadian
newspapers, including the Leader-Post, in what Ted Cowan of Torstar Syndication
Services has described as the biggest launch ever of a new cartoon in Canada.

The enormity of it all is beginning to hit home for the brothers, who were born
and raised in Regina.

"We haven't seen anything tangible of the syndication but when I open the
(Ottawa) Citizen and see the Chuckle Bros, then I'll know it's real," says
Brian, who has spent the past 30 years as a violinist for the National Arts
Centre Orchestra in Ottawa. "The cartoon will be right there with all our idols
and heroes. We'll be right there with all those leading players."

Ron, who has worked at Regina's Lakeshore IGA for the past 30 years, admits to
having a case of butterflies when wondering about the type of reaction the
cartoon will get in the Queen City.

"I'll be honest with you -- I'm going to be nervous when it first comes out in
the Leader-Post," says Ron. "It's so exciting, the chance to see our own cartoon
in print in our own paper."

The road to syndication for the Boychuks began in their childhood with a love of
cartoons and although it will come to fruition on Monday, the process wasn't an
easy one. The Boychuks began to seriously chase their dream in the summer of
2003 when Brian, while on vacation with his family in P.E.I., began jotting down
cartoon ideas. By the end of the week Brian had 120 cartoons that he was anxious
to share with Ron.

That treasure trove of cartoons became the impetus for the Chuckle Bros.

"I got back from vacation and called Ron and he was all excited," says Brian.
"We organized all the cartoons and that got us all inspired. We had a bit of fun
throughout the fall of 2003 and we finally ended up with 300 or 400 cartoons."

Then they hit their first stumbling block.

"We got this package of cartoons together and we then realized that although
this was all fine and dandy, we also recognized that neither one of us could
draw," says Brian, 49.

The search began for an artist with a number of avenues investigated. In
addition to using ICQ, an internet service community, the pair checked drafting
schools and animation schools for potential artists. Their search was
Canada-wide including Vancouver, Toronto and Calgary.

It was a chance meeting with Ronnie Martin that renewed Brian's belief in fate.
Brian was attending a choral concert in Ottawa in which one of his daughters was
participating when he noticed a man busying himself with a sketchbook. Brian
introduced himself and asked to take a look at the man's sketches. What he saw
changed the Chuckle Bros.

"He showed me a few pages and it was beautiful," says Brian. "I asked him if
he'd ever thought about doing cartoons and he said the opportunity had never
come up. I said to myself, 'Here's a guy who loves to draw and would love to do
cartoons.'

"I knew that he had the chance to be THE GUY."

After a couple of meetings, Martin was on board and the Chuckle Bros began to
move forward with a purpose. During 2004 the group submitted work to five major
syndication services in the United States. Although the Universal Press
Syndicate indicated an interest in the Chuckle Bros, in the end the cartoon was
rejected by all five syndicates.

Rather than focus on the negative, the Boychuks stood fast by their belief in
the quality of their work. That belief was supported by encouragement from Lynn
Johnston, creator of the comic strip For Better or Worse. After seeing samples
of the Chuckle Bros, Johnston encouraged the Boychuks to self-publish a book.

The Boychuks took Johnston's encouragement and ran with it. The end result was
On The Road, First Edition Collection, a self-published book through Volumes
Publishing Ltd. The book, which was published in December 2005, got the Chuckle
Bros back into the syndication game.

A number of syndicates, including Torstar, expressed interest in the cartoon.
The syndicates investigated further into the cartoon but by February 2006, all
communications had broken off. The silence could've deterred the Boychuks but
they instead used it as motivation.

"We just thought of it as a test," says Ron, 45. "We looked at it as the silence
was a test to see just how dedicated and driven we really were. And actually, it
was at that point that we turned it on. We started submitting a package (to the
syndicates) every month."

The packages, which contained 24 new cartoons and were submitted every five or
six weeks, eventually caught the attention of Cowan, a representative of
Torstar. He signed the Boychuks to a five-year contract with Torstar and has
already signed up five newspapers for the launch. In addition to the Leader-Post
and the Citizen, the cartoon will appear in the Edmonton Journal and Calgary
Herald beginning Monday. The Charlottetown Guardian is also publishing it and
the Toronto Star and Victoria Times-Colonist have signed on.

Meeting Cowan was instrumental to the success of the Chuckle Bros.

"Ted is absolutely dedicated and driven to make the Chuckle Bros one of the
biggest Canadian success stories," says Ron. "That's what we feel we can be."

Now that the syndication deal is in place, the real work begins for the Chuckle
Bros. To complete the contract the Boychuks will have to supply in excess of
1,800 cartoons. They now have about 11 months of cartoons in the bank so
although they are currently ahead of the game, they are also aware that they
can't relax too much.

When they open their papers Monday and see the Chuckle Bros, the Boychuks will
have realized a dream. That doesn't mean they've stopped dreaming.

"We've had many little secret wishes over the years but I'll let you in on one
of our biggest wishes that involves our love of golf," says Brian. "We've dreamt
about going golfing when our cartoon is out there and pretty popular. We're at
the course and people are chatting about it and they say to us, 'Did you see the
Chuckle Bros today?' and we say, 'No, how was it?'

"They'd then tell us about and then they'd ask us, 'Do you guys like the Chuckle
Bros?' and we'd look at each other and then say, 'We are the Chuckle Bros.'

"That would be cool."

On The Road, First Edition Collection is available at the Book & Brier Patch and
Chapters. It can also be purchased online at volumesdirect.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Brian Boychuk, Special to The Leader-Post; The Chuckle Bros are
(left to right) Brian Boychuk, Ronnie Martin and Ron Boychuk. The Boychuk
brothers, born and raised in Regina, will realize a dream on Monday when their
daily comic launches in the Leader-Post and six other Canadian dailies.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2006 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               3 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                  Daily Mirror

                            June 15, 1996, Saturday

CHUCKLE BROTHERS GAME FOR A LAUGH;
CHUCKLE BROTHERS TO PRESENT TO ME TO YOU GAMESHOW

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 334 words


Madcap Children's BBC comics the Chuckle Brothers are back on the telly with a
new gungy gameshow called To Me To You starting on June 21.

And as a bonus, Mega has 20 videos of the Chuckle Brothers popular show
Chucklevision up for grabs. To Me To You is set on a desert island called
Chuckle.

Two primary schools take on messy challenges to win mega prizes. Two pupils from
each school roll a dice to move the bamboo Chuckletruck around a track.

The team which ends up with the Chuckletruck wins.

This is the first time that the real life brothers Paul and Barry Elliot have
hosted a TV gameshow.

Says Paul: "I hope kids will love it as much as Chucklevision. It's a new for us
but it's full of our slapstick comedy."

To be in the running for a video just send in a joke that makes you chuckle!
The funniest wins the prize.

Send your entries on a postcard to Mega Mirror, Chuckle Brothers Comp, at the
address given on this page.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TRUCK FULL OF LAUGHS: The Chuckle Brothers;; PRIZE TAPE: Chucklevision

                            Copyright 1996 MGN Ltd.

                               4 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                            November 6, 2006 Monday
                                 Early Edition

Canadian pair chuckles way onto comics page

BYLINE: Jeff DeDekker, CanWest News Service

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 590  words


The Chuckle Bros are understandably giddy.

After years of trying for syndication success with their cartoon series, Brian
and Ron Boychuk -- the Chuckle Bros -- are on the verge of realizing their
dreams.

Beginning today, the Chuckle Bros will begin appearing in seven Canadian
newspapers, including the Calgary Herald, in what Ted Cowan of Torstar
Syndication Services described as the biggest launch ever of a new cartoon in
Canada.

The enormity of it all is beginning to hit home for the brothers, who were born
and raised in Regina.

"We haven't seen anything tangible of the syndication, but when I open the
(Ottawa) Citizen and see the Chuckle Bros, then I'll know it's real," says
Brian, who has spent the past 30 years as a violinist for the National Arts
Centre Orchestra in Ottawa. "The cartoon will be right there with all our idols
and heroes."

The Boychuks' road to syndication, spawned from a boyhood love of cartoons, has
not been an easy one.

The brothers began to seriously pursue their dream in the summer of 2003 when
Brian, while vacationing with his family in P.E.I., began jotting down cartoon
ideas. By the end of the week, he had 120 cartoons, which became the impetus for
the Chuckle Bros.

"I got back from vacation and called Ron and he was all excited," says Brian.

"We organized all the cartoons and that got us all inspired. We had a bit of fun
throughout the fall of 2003 and we finally ended up with 300 or 400 cartoons."

Then they hit their first stumbling block.

"We got this package of cartoons together and we then realized that although
this was all fine and dandy, we also recognized that neither one of us could
draw," says Brian, 49.

The search began for an artist with a number of avenues investigated. In
addition to using ICQ, an Internet service community, the pair conducted a
Canada-wide search of drafting schools and animation schools for potential
artists.

It was a chance meeting with Ronnie Martin that renewed Brian's belief in fate.
Brian was attending a choral concert in Ottawa in which one of his daughters was
participating when he noticed a man busying himself with a sketchbook.

Brian introduced himself and asked to take a look at the man's sketches. What he
saw changed the Chuckle Bros.

"He showed me a few pages and it was beautiful," says Brian. "I asked him if
he'd ever thought about doing cartoons and he said the opportunity had never
come up. I said to myself, 'Here's a guy who loves to draw and would love to do
cartoons.'

"I knew that he had the chance to be THE GUY."

In 2004 the trio submitted work to five major syndication services in the United
States. All five passed.

After seeing samples of the Chuckle Bros, For Better or For Worse creator Lynn
Johnston encouraged the Boychuks to self-publish a book.

The end result was On The Road, First Edition Collection, a self-published book
produced in December 2005.

A number of syndicates, including Torstar, soon expressed interest in the
cartoon, but by February 2006, nothing had materialized.

"We just thought of it as a test," says Ron, 45, who has worked at an IGA
supermarket in Regina for the past 30 years.

"We looked at it as, the silence was a test to see just how dedicated and driven
we really were. And actually, it was at that point that we turned it on. We
started submitting a package (to the syndicates) every month."

The packages, which contained 24 new cartoons and were submitted every five or
six weeks, eventually caught the attention of Cowan, a representative of
Torstar, who signed the Boychuks to a five-year contract.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Herald Archive, CanWest News Service; Ron, left, and Brian Boychuk are
the creators of the Chuckle Brothers.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2006 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               5 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                           October 17, 2007 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Chuckles to leave brothers laughing all the way to the U.S.; American syndicate
sees the humour in quirky cartoon strip

BYLINE: Andrew Thomson, The Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: CITY; Pg. E11

LENGTH: 607  words


Brian Boychuk dreamed of the day when people would split a gut over Chuckle Bros
, the single-panel comic strip he started with brother Ron and area illustrator
Ronnie Martin, and plaster their creations on a refrigerator or office door for
all to see.

Mr. Boychuk, a violinist for nearly 30 years with the National Arts Centre
Orchestra, felt his heart race recently in a backstage hallway. There was the
strip, posted on a board by a colleague.

It helped gratify Mr. Boychuk after a four-year journey that, as he eloquently
explained, has been "full of serendipity and fortuitous events."

The trio should get more opportunity to impress readers next week, when Chuckle
Bros becomes available to thousands of newspapers across North America through
an international distribution agreement with Creators Syndicate.

The Los Angeles-based company's comic clients include BC, Wizard of Id, One Big
Happy, and Speed Bump.

"It's a real big deal in the cartoon world," Mr. Boychuk said yesterday during
orchestra rehearsal breaks. "It's the prime-time, and you get maximum exposure.
Breaking into the (United) States is the glass ceiling. Once you do that, man,
the world's your oyster."

Chuckle Bros currently runs in 36 Canadian papers, including the Citizen, after
launching last year in seven publications.

A national sales director for Creators Syndicate first saw the strip in an
editor's office at the Citizen and loved it. Negotiations began with Torstar
Syndication Services, the Canadian distributor of Chuckle Bros.

Creators sales agents have been pitching the cartoon across the U.S. since late
August. Not even Mr. Boychuk knows how many publications have so far agreed to
carry Chuckle Bros in their funny pages. But Creators thinks the strip will have
"mass appeal," he said.

The quirky humour has been compared to Gary Larson's The Far Side, which ended
in 1995 and left Mr. Boychuk without a proper "fix" from newspaper comics.

A few scribbles in a colouring book turned into hundreds of ideas, which morphed
into a full comic strip. The project truly came to life once Mr. Boychuk met Mr.
Martin -- a veteran illustrator, sign painter, and visual artist -- at their
daughters' school choir performance. Until then, his search for someone to
actually draw Chuckle Bros had been fruitless.

The brothers now storyboard their ideas and send them to Mr. Martin, a process
made easier since Ron's arrival in the Ottawa area from Regina, their home town.

"My brother and I have a very skewed outlook on the world," Brian Boychuk said.
"It's only a testament to the fact we're so linked thought-wise that we were
able to do it at all over the phone."

Because Mr. Boychuk often performs in the evenings, his days are free to
brainstorm. Or he just listens to people around him or throws around ideas with
friends over a drink.

Does he worry about running out of laugh-out-loud ideas? he is asked.

"You can't think about that," Mr. Boychuk said. "You just go week-by-week. There
are millions of cartoons out there waiting to happen. I just have to find them."

While top solo cartoonists can earn a good living if they appear in 150 or 200
newspapers, Mr. Boychuk said he and his two partners split their earnings, and
that's after the syndicate takes half. So Chuckle Bros isn't a full-time gig
yet.

"The secret will be in the numbers," he said, referring to the number of papers
they can get into. "And we believe strongly our numbers will be good."

Chuckle Bros has also released a compilation called On the Road.

The Boychuks and Mr. Martin are scheduled for a book signing Saturday (11 a.m.
to 1 p.m.) at Shirley Leishman Books at the Westgate Shopping Centre.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Bryan Schlosser, Regina Leader-Post; Ron, left, and Brian Boychuk
have teamed with illustrator Ronnie Martin to produce Chuckle Bros, which now
runs in 36 Canadian newspapers and promises lucrative mass appeal in the U.S. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2007 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved

                               6 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                            October 22, 2007 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Perseverance results in syndication success

BYLINE: Jeff Dedekker, The Leader-Post

SECTION: ARTS & LIFE; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 795  words


The Chuckle Bros. just won't take no for an answer.

Despite a rocky start to their foray into the cartooning business, the Chuckle
Bros. -- Ron Boychuk, Brian Boychuk and Ronnie Martin -- continued forward,
determined to make their mark. Their perseverance claimed its first victory in
October 2006 when TorStar Syndication Services added the single-panel comic to
its stable of cartoons.

And now the Chuckle Bros. are prepared to take their next, and perhaps biggest,
step when the comic will be made available Monday to newspapers throughout the
United States via Creators Syndicate.

Brian Boychuk, who was raised in Regina and has spent the last 30 years as a
violinist with the National Arts Centre Orchestra in Ottawa, explained that
support from family and friends resulted in the never-say-die attitude of the
Chuckle Bros.

"People tell me, and granted many are our friends but I value their opinion,
invariably that, 'I go to your cartoon for my laugh and then maybe read the
others,' " Boychuk said. "We get a lot of people saying we are their favourite
and they read us every day. We get a lot of that and I don't think that many
people can be off base.

"That was our feeling right from the beginning, even as we were getting
rejection letter after rejection letter from the syndicates. We just had to
believe in ourselves, hang tough and think that all the people we knew can't be
wrong."

Boychuk also uses a story involving First World War flying ace Manfred von
Richthofen, a.k.a. The Red Baron, to explain the tenacity of the Chuckle Bros.

"I often think about a story about the Red Baron when his was flying and getting
all his kills," Boychuk said. "On this particular day his motor stalled and he
was freefalling to the earth. He decided that if he was going to die, he was
going to die in a blaze of glory. He gunned the engine and it turned out that
was the way to get out of a stall. So he was prepared to die in a glorious
fashion and from that came life.

"He was fully prepared to give 'er guns and that's what we did. We said, 'If
we're going to fail, we're going to fail spectacularly. People are going to know
about us.' "

The Chuckle Bros. sprung from the minds of Ron and Brian Boychuk in summer 2003
during a family holiday in P.E.I. Martin, an illustrator from Ottawa, was added
to the mix six months later. The trio had a number of stumbling blocks to
overcome. In addition to living in different cities -- Brian Boychuk and Martin
were in Ottawa while Ron Boychuk was still living in Regina, working at the
Lakeshore IGA -- the collaborators also had to find a way to work as a single
unit. The process was made a little easier when Ron Boychuk moved to Ottawa in
spring 2007 after the closure of the grocery store.

The workflow model had the Boychuk brothers responsible for generating and
developing the cartoon ideas before passing them on to Martin for the
illustrating. Early on they weren't sure if this system would work but they no
longer have any such doubts.

"What has evolved is a very workable process where the two writers kick their
ideas around and develop them," explained Martin. "They not only develop the
essence of the idea but they're able to get down a diagram on paper of what
needs to be and I can take that as a jumping-off point. Initially I would just
come up with the first thing I thought from what they told me and many times I
would have a completely different perspective or perception on the idea. We've
been able to iron that out and actually make it work quite well.

"All three of us are quite happy with the ongoing results. I think it's getting
better as we go. It feels more polished to me than it did."

The Chuckle Bros. are currently in 36 Canadian newspapers, including the
Leader-Post. Joining the Creators Syndicate, which includes such comic staples
as Archie, BC, Wizard of Id, Andy Capp, Rugrats and Heathcliff, opens a huge
market for the Chuckle Bros.

Margo Sugrue, the Creators sales representative in Ontario, indicated recently
to the trio that the syndicate is optimistic about the potential for the comic.
Although she wouldn't estimate a specific goal, Sugrue told Brian Boychuk that
her sales reps are excited about the feature and consider it an "easy" sell.

Whatever it takes to be successful in the U.S. market, the Chuckle Bros. are
prepared to put in the work.

"We all believe we will have the sales down the line," said Ron Boychuk. "We
just don't know how far down the line it will be. It could be slow, it could be
quick. Generally it is slow but we've set precedents in the past. We've been
ahead of the curve so far so we feel, 'Why shouldn't that continue?' We're
pretty upbeat about having a pretty good U.S. sell through."

It sounds like the Chuckle Bros. are sticking with a winning formula.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: CanWest News Service; Brian Boychyk (centre), Ron Boychuk (top
left) and Ronnie Martin are the Chuckle Bros. ; Cartoon: Ron Boychuk, as seen by
Ronnie Martin ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2007 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                               7 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                               Grimsby Telegraph

                              June 20, 2014 Friday

Chuckle's vision for a successful shop venture

SECTION: NEWS:OTHER; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 641  words


"TO Me ... To You."

One half of The Chuckle Brothers attended a book signing in Louth to mark the
opening of a new store and promote their next comedy gig in Grimsby.

Paul Elliot signed copies of his autobiography The Chuckle Brothers: 50 Years Of
To Me ... To You, for fans, young and old alike, marking the official opening of
the new Bookaholics book store on Eastgate.

Travelling from his home near Rotherham, Paul turned up without his comedy
side-kick Barry to meet more than 20 fans who queued to meet the Chucklevision
star.

Paul said: "We've been through Louth millions of times heading to Skegness, but
I'm sure we worked here theatrically in the 1970s.

"The book is all about Ant and Dec's lifestyle - no it's not -  it's our life
story from being kids, growing up, and going into the business and takes us
right up to starting Chucklevision."

Performing at the Embassy Theatre, in Skegness, in August for The Chuckle
Brothers: A 2014 Space Oddity, the double-act is no stranger to East Lindsey.

Paul believes the secret to the Chuckle Brothers success is down to the type of
humour they use.

He said: "It's an ancient humour which the Romans used to laugh at and is
definitely the secret to our success. Comedy ideas come and go but ours seem to
go on forever."

Paul and Barry started their career in 1974, launching to success with the BBC
television show ChuckleHounds. Celebrating 50 years, the brothers have become
famous for their shows Chucklevision and To Me ... To You, starred in theatrical
shows across the UK and will release a second autobiography about their TV
business career.

Paul added: "We'll be at the Grimsby Auditorium in spring doing Chuckles Of Oz,
which is quite a big thing - we've got the tin man, the scarecrow - We can't
give away too many secrets but Barry and I are the wizards.

"And we've got a pilot show for the Adventures Of The Chucklebrothers coming up
for the autumn."

Fans who were unable to make the book signing are still able to grab a copy from
Bookaholics for £11.50.

Eight-year-old Lakeisha Goodyear, from Louth came with her mum to the book
signing to meet Paul and was very excited to meet the TV star.

"I've come to meet one of the Chuckle Brothers as he's really funny. I used to
watch his show on CBBC and now I'm finally meeting him."

Charlotte Houlson-Davies, 8, got a photo with Paul and her friends after seeing
his show on a video online, she said: "I was really scared meeting him. I've
never seen the show on TV but I keep seeing the adverts and I've had the
Chucklevision song stuck in my head all day.

After growing up with the Chuckle Brothers, Hannah Dixon got a book signed to
celebrate her 18th birthday and was surprised at how long the comedy act had
been going.

She said: "I spent my childhood saying 'To Me ... To You,' I thought the Chuckle
Brothers were younger than that."

Family-run business Bookaholics opens its doors to Louth in the hope to bring
something different and vibrant to the town.

The shop will sell bargain-priced new books, along with quality second-hand
books and collectors' items, with the upstairs acting as a publishing company.

Bringing famous people to Louth is something that owner, Bernard Bale, is using
to promote the shop.

Bernard said: "It all helps, gets a buzz in the town and word's gone out on the
Chuckle Brothers social media, going out to local, national and international,
and when they read they come to Louth, it puts Louth on the map.

"We will have other showbiz people coming as well, Ken Dodd is an old friend who
said he will pop in, Alex Moor who was the Scotsman in Taggart, he's been in
Pirates Of The Caribbean and others will come as they come up.

Bookaholics will be open during the week from 9.30am until 5pm, also offering a
book finder service.

ON THE WEB:  See a video   of the Chuckle Brothers in action at  www.grimsbytele
graph.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHUCKLES: One half of The Chuckle Brothers, Paul Elliott signing books
at Bookaholics with owner Bernard Bale.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved

                               8 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                            April 18, 2012 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

MP not chuckling after Commons debate on school

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 281 words


HULL: A city MP has been accused of "opposing northern comedians" after a heated
Parliament debated on the Chuckle Brothers. Labour's Hull North MP Diana Johnson
was talking to Michael Gove, who insisted her party should be more supportive of
northern comedians after being challenged on whether a Chuckle Brother should
back a free school.

Ms Johnson questioned the arrangement during the Education Questions in the
Commons.

Barry Elliot, one half of the children's TV pairing the Chuckle Brothers, had
backed a bid to open a free school in Rotherham. The application was later
withdrawn. Ms Johnson said: "Do you think that granting a licence to one of the
Chuckle Brothers to set up a free school was one of your better ideas? "Now it
has been rescinded, how much has this actually cost to progress this project?"
Mr Gove replied: "I'm surprised you are so opposed to northern comedians given
your party has been such a fantastic platform for so many of them.

"It wasn't actually a member of the Chuckle Brothers whom we invited to open a
free school in Rotherham, it was actually someone who is currently
vice-principal of a very successful school in the North East.

"In the end, that lady decided to withdraw her application but the fact someone
who is strong in the variety world wanted to back it is, to my mind, only proof
that increasingly when people look at this Government, from whatever background
they come, they have a smile on their face as they consider our achievements."
Free schools are an initiative set by Michael Gove to allow non-fee paying
independent schools to be set up with state funding.

The Chuckle Brothers performed in Hull's pantomime Cinderella at Christmas.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BACKED SCHOOL BID: Barry Elliott, of the Chuckle Brothers.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDM


                         Copyright 2012 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved

                               9 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                               Leicester Mercury

                                 April 21, 2000

Agency: Agency

SECTION: Agency: Agency, Pg.11

LENGTH: 75 words


Chuckle Bros pay a visit

The New Adventures of the Chuckle Brothers (pictured) comes to the Royal Concert
Hall, Nottingham, on Sunday at 2pm.

Also on the bill for this Easter Sunday special are the Patton Brothers and
all-girl band Bonnie.

The Chuckle Brothers will be returning to Nottingham at Christmas in this year's
panto at the Theatre Royal, Jack and the Beanstalk .

For more information on Sunday's show, phone 0115 989 5555.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                        Copyright 2000 Leicester Mercury

                              10 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                            Birmingham Evening Mail

                           February 23, 2010 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

WIN tickets to see Chuckle Brothers;
ChipperClub

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 281 words


THEY'VE made you chuckle watching them on telly all these years. Now here's your
chance to chuckle at them live on stage - it's the hilarious Chuckle Brothers!

Paul and Barry make up one of the UK's best-loved comedy double acts and, now,
after completing the 21st series of the ever-popular Chucklevision for the BBC,
they are back on stage.

An Audience with The Chuckle Brothers is at the Grand Theatre, Wolverhampton,
from Saturday to Sunday April 3-4 - and you could win tickets to see them live!

As well as performing some of their classic routines, in this unique show they
will also give audiences the chance to interact with them, which should be fun.

We've teamed up with our friends at the Grand to give away eight family tickets
(each for four people), to see the 2pm performance on Sunday April 4 (Easter
Sunday). To enter, tell us the first names of The Chuckle Brothers.

Write your answers on a postcard or back of a sealed envelope and send, with
your name, age, address, phone number and Chipper number, to Chipper Chuckle
Brothers Competition, Consumer Marketing, BPM Media, Floor 6, Fort Dunlop, Fort
Parkway, Birmingham B24 9FF.

The winners will be the senders of the first eight correct entries drawn after
the closing date of Tuesday March 2. Note: Winners will be contacted by the
theatre, and winning tickets are to be collected from the theatre Box Office on
the day of the show. Only one winning entry allowed per family. If you are not a
lucky winner then tickets are still available - call the Wolverhampton Grand
Theatre Box Office for more details on 01902 42 92 12, or visit
www.grandtheatre.co.uk The usual Mail children's competition rules apply.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  All good fun: Win tickets to see The Chuckle Brothers Live.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: em


               Copyright 2010 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              11 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            Herald Express (Torquay)

                                 July 25, 2000

Review: Chuckle Brothers, Princess Theatre, Torquay

BYLINE: By Lin Widdecombe

SECTION: News;Ents;Theatre, Pg.7

LENGTH: 151 words


TORQUAY'S Princess Theatre was filled with the familiar sounds of 'Helloai and
'Get out of iti as the Chuckle Brothers returned to Torquay.

For their summer season show they have set the scene for their escapades in a
holiday camp.

Chuckle Brothers Paul and Barry get jobs helping (if that's the right word!) out
under the strict instructions of No Slacking (Jimmy Patton) and Get Out Of It
(Brian Patton).

It wouldn't be the Chuckle Brothers if there wasn't the usual slapstick mayhem
so if you are not prepared to get wet or have a custard pie thrown at you make
sure you have seats in the circle.

Bonnie, Soula and Roxanne proved a big hit singing and dancing all the latest
hits by favourites Steps and S-Club 7 which had youngsters dancing in the
aisles.

The show is definately worth a visit for some traditional seaside fun.

The show runs every Monday until August 28.

Lin Widdecomb

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                         Copyright 2000 Herald Express

                              12 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                              New Musical Express

                                October 24, 2014

Tinchy Stryder and Chuckle Brothers share video for collaborative track 'To Me,
To You' - watch

LENGTH: 205 words



HIGHLIGHT: The song has been released to raise money for the African Caribbean
Leukaemia Trust


Tinchy Stryder has shared the video for his collaborative track with children's
television personalities, the Chuckle Brothers.

Last month it was revealed that the unlikely recording partners were working
together, with Paul Chuckle, tweeting about the session, writing: "In Tinchy's
studio laying down some cool stuff. Fun day" and posting a selfie.

The resulting track, 'To Me, To You', which you can see above, is being released
to raise funds for the African Caribbean Leukaemia Trust. The Chuckle Brothers
met Tinchy Stryder when they all appeared on Keith Lemon's ITV show Celebrity
Juice, reports The Guardian. The Chuckle Brothers' manager Phil Dale commented:
"Tinchy grew up with the Chuckle brothers and has been a longtime fan of theirs,
so after that he invited them to his London studio."

He continued: "It was just a bit of fun to see what could happen because they
really got on with each other. Then they came back and filmed the video. You
couldn't put it together if you tried but it was just the very fact that they
were having fun with Tinchy, and he was having fun with them and they got on
like a house on fire. They still contact each other all the time."

At the time of writing, the video has gained 702,047 views.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                        Copyright 2014 IPC Magazines Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              13 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     October 23, 2014 Thursday 10:45 AM GMT

Tinchy Stryder teams up with The Chuckle Brothers - PLUS all the rest of today's
pop culture LIVE!;
Welcome to Guide Daily: we're alive and live with all the day's pop culture
news.Start your day by reliving the fever dreams of last night with Panda Bear
and The Chuckle Brothers.And stay tuned for the huge number of earth-shattering
revelations the next eight hours will surely bring!

BYLINE: Rachel Aroesti

SECTION: CULTURE

LENGTH: 186 words


block-time published-time 10.45am BST

Tinchy Stryder x The Chuckle Brothers + Panda Bear

Two new videos for you this morning, both like weird, disorientating dreams in
their own way.

From Them To Us: Tinchy Stryder and The Chuckle Brothers' gift to the nation

Tinchy Stryder and The Chuckle Brothers have unveiled the music video for their
collaboration entitled - what else - 'To Me, To You', which has been created to
raise money for leukaemia charity The ACLT.

Fans of the pair will be pleased to note that all the brothers' long-established
tropes are there: ladders, vans, shoelaces, leaks, baffling incompetence, a new
acquaintance slowly losing their mind (here played by Tinchy).

Mr Noah Lennox's new Panda Bear offering

Panda Bear - aka Animal Collective's Noah Lennox - has released the lead single
from upcoming new album Panda Bear Meets The Grim Reaper.

Mr Noah (that's the name of the song, not a formal address) is accompanied by
this trippily-filmed video involving fraught domestic drama and that thing when
you can't be bothered to unstack some chairs so just sit precariously on the top
one.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2014 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              14 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                               Grimsby Telegraph

                             March 29, 2013 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Have a chuckle with the funniest brothers on TV;
They've been on our television screens since the late-1980s, now The Chuckle
Brothers are returning to Grimsby to perform for fans. We find out more about
the famous brothers.

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 773 words


THE title of The Chuckle Brothers' next show should be enough to tempt you to
book a seat or two.

Barry Potter And His Full Blood Brother Paul In The Ghostly Shadows arrives at
Grimsby Auditorium on Tuesday . It's a new adventure for the funny brothers, who
shot to fame with their own BBC1 TV show, Chucklevision and whose catchphrase
"to me to you" has lodged in thousands of now grown-up brains.

Younger readers should ask your parents about the Chuckle Brothers. Barry and
Paul set out as a duo to win the television talent show Opportunity Knocks in
1967 and then New Faces in 1974.

But they did not find real success until the advent of their own television show
for the BBC in 1985, Chucklehounds - short shows aimed at pre-school children
that had no dialogue, in which they dressed in giant dog costumes. All this was
long before the days of Chucklevision and if those early days of his career had
not taken off, Barry said he aspired to be a footballer.

"I'd have liked to be a footballer," he told the Telegraph. "I used to play
amateur football for our local works team on a Saturday and I was also in a team
playing on a Sunday.

"I go to watch Rotherham United play as much as I can when I'm home."

Having been involved in the television celebrity circles for decades, The
Chuckle Brothers have become good friends with a few celebrities.

Barry said: "Radio One DJ Scott Mills rings us up all the time asking us to come
on his show. And David Jason comes to see our shows with his daughter. He even
stood in the queue with her for our autographs - I've always been a fan of David
Jason."

But even celebrities have dreams of dining with their idols and for Barry, it
would be a dinner date with a difference.

He said: "I'd choose to have dinner with Ronnie Barker, Ronnie Corbett, Jerry
Lee Lewis, Margaret Thatcher (I always think she did brilliant as Prime
Minister, a lot of people didn't like her but she put the country back on its
feet so I'd like to know what she's like) and Stan Laurel." But there's also
some people Barry isn't a fan of and the person he would least like to be stuck
in a lift with is Piers Morgan.

He explained: "He's just intrusive especially with the questions he asks."

Describing himself as "little, friendly and humorous", it is no surprise that
fans have given Barry random gifts like Easter eggs to keep him going while he's
on the road.

Hotel stays are something that The Chuckle Brothers are used to and so is his
brother's "messy" style. "I'm a neat and tidy person," he said. "Paul is quite
the opposite.

I keep hotel rooms tidy and tend to pack things up as I go along. Paul's messy."

One of Barry's proudest moments was performing on the Children's Royal Variety
perfor mance in front of Princess Margaret 14 years ago. But even when
performing at big events, Barry said they do not spend much time in the dressing
room.

"We get ready ten minutes before we go on stage because I don't like waiting."

If it wasn't for his Chuckle Brother character, Barry said he would like to
change his nose. He said: "I'd like a nose job because it is quite big, but it
would change the character so I can't have one, really. People expect you to be
a certain way. Even if I go out in disguise people recognise me.

"We once did Chucklevision dressed as ZZ Top and people still shouted 'Chuckle
Brothers!'."

Over the years, it's not all been good press for the brothers. They have had to
combat unkind rumours - including that they'd died! This has prompted them to
largely ignore what is written about them.

"There's lots of rubbish written and you cannot read everything," said Barry.

"One of my biggest regrets is the BBC keeping us on children's slot instead of
adult evening television, because that's what started our act.

"Lots of people who come to our shows ask us to do one, but it's down to the
BBC."

? ON THE WEB: Visit www.this-isgrimsby.co.uk to view a video of The Chuckle
Brothers in action.

Win a family ticket for the show WE HAVE two family tickets (of two adults and
two children) to giveaway to see The Chuckle Brothers at Grimsby Auditorium on
Tuesday at 2pm.

To enter, answer the following question: What is the surname of Paul and Barry?
A) Smith B) Brown C) Elliott Due to the bank holiday weekend, e-mail answers
only please to newsdesk@grimsbytelegraph.co.uk by noon on Monday Usual rules
apply. Tickets for the show, starting at 2pm, cost £15. Family tickets cost £56.
To book, call the box office on 0844 871 3016 or visit www.atg.com/grimsby
CHUCKLEVISION: The Chuckle Brothers.

David Jason comes to see our shows with his daughter. He even stood in the queue
with her for our autographs Barry Chuckle

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: EGG-CITING: Chuckle Brothers Meet The Phantom.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GRT


                        Copyright 2013 Grimsby Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved

                              15 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Express

                            February 4, 2014 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Travis is no sex pest, he's a jolly great chap say Chuckle Brothers

BYLINE: John Twomey

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 499 words


COMEDY duo The Chuckle Brothers described DJ Dave Lee Travis as a "jolly great
chap" yesterday and said sex allegations against him had come as a "complete
surprise".

The stars of the BBC children's show ChuckleVision had been named by a Travis
accuser, who claimed they saved her by chance when the DJ allegedly groped her
during a panto in the 1990s.

The woman, who was 21 at the time, claims the ex-Radio 1 star pinned her against
his dressing room door while he indecently assaulted her.

She told a jury The Chuckle Brothers had saved her when she wrenched the door
ajar and one of them shouted: "All right, Dave!" Yesterday, the younger Chuckle
Brother, real name Paul Elliott, was asked if he recalled any inappropriate
behaviour by the former Top Of The Pops presenter during the panto.

Struggling Mr Elliott, 66, said: "No sorry, I don't. As I say, it was a complete
surprise." He described Travis, who was playing an evil wizard in the show, as
"very professional".

Asked if female dancers allegedly had to be escorted by staff because of
Travis's reputation, Mr Elliott replied: "Not that I recall, not at all." He
added: "I think I would remember."

Mr Elliott told the jury: "Nobody told us about it. I would have thought we
would have known from somewhere."

The older Chuckle Brother, real name Barry Elliott, described Travis as a "jolly
great chap to work with".

Mr Elliott, 69, told London's Southwark Crown Court: "He was fine as far as I
can recall. He was great. I mean everybody seemed to get on."

He said he and his brother played cards with Travis. The pair have appeared in
around 46 pantos since 1967, the court heard. Barry said he had no particular
memories of performing with Travis.

Stephen Vullo, defending, asked Mr Elliott if he remembered Travis struggling
with a young women in his dressing room. He replied: "I don't remember that,
no."

Travis, 68, denies 13 charges of indecent assault and one of sexual assault on
10 women and a 15-year-old girl between 1976 and 2008. The DJ also denies
allegations that the female panto staff had to be chaperoned around him.

John Dean, who worked as a DJ with Travis in his live shows over 35 years, told
the court the former BBC presenter was "very friendly" with female fans but he
had never seen him act inappropriately. "There were always female fans," he
said. "We tried to keep control as best as possible."

Graham Rosen, a roadie for Travis from 1977 to 1981, described the DJ as a
"practical joker" and insisted he saw no wrongdoing by him. "During live shows I
spent most times with Dave and I never saw anything inappropriate," he told the
court. Earlier, a defence witness clashed with prosecution counsel Miranda
Moore, QC, when the barrister suggested she had lied to the jury.

The woman had dismissed claims that Travis molested a carnival princess during
the opening of a hospital radio staion in the 1970s. She told the jury it was
"quite shocking" for Ms Moore to suggest she had given false evidence. The trial
continues.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Chuckle Brothers, left, and DJ Dave Lee Travis, above, at his trial
yesterday
Picture: STEVE BELL & PA

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DXP


                       Copyright 2014 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              16 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                               Chester Chronicle

                                January 10, 2013
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Chuckle Brothers come to town

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 52

LENGTH: 240 words


LEGENDARY children's entertainers The Chuckle Brothers are bringing their new
show The Chuckle Brothers Meet The Phantom to The Brindley in Runcor n.

The due are at the award-winning venue on Monday, February 18.

A Brindley spokesman said: "Join Paul and Barry Chuckle and a full supporting
cast in their latest hilarious adventure.

"Featuring ghosts, ghouls and spectacular magic in this exhilarating brand new
show. Don't miss this musical, magical and mayhem filled story. Fun and laughter
is guaranteed for all the family from ages three to 103."

The Chuckle Brothers won TV talent show Opportunity Knocks in 1967 and New Faces
in 1974.

Despite this they did not find real success until the advent of their own
television show for the BBC in 1985, Chucklehounds. These were short shows aimed
at preschool children that had no dialogue, and in which they dressed in giant
dog costumes.

They quickly moved on to their most famous show, ChuckleVision, in 1987. In 1998
the show was nominated for a Children's BAFTA in the Best Children's Television
Series category.

Jimmy and Brian Patton, the real-life brothers of the pair, also make regular
appearances on the show. In 2007 recording began on the 20th series. In the late
1970s and early 1980s the four brothers appeared as a quartet on TV. They are
remembered for their performance in 1982 on 3-2-1. ? Tickets, £14, are on sale
from the box office on 0151 907 8360 and at www.thebrindley.org.uk.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: THEY'RE HERE: The Chuckle Brothers are heading to Runcorn.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CHC


                           Copyright 2013 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              17 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                            February 4, 2014 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

DLT a great chap to work with, Chuckle Brother tells sex trial jury;
Brothers starred with Travis in panto ; They say court claims are 'surprise'

BYLINE: DAVID MERCER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 383 words


ONE of the Chuckle Brothers has told a court how veteran DJ Dave Lee Travis was
great to work with. Barry Elliott, 69, described Mr Travis as a "jolly great
chap to work with". "He was fine as far as I can recall," he added. "He was
fine.

He was great.

I mean everybody seemed to get on." Children's entertainers Paul and Barry
Elliott - known as the Chuckle Brothers - starred alongside Mr Travis in a
production of Aladdin in the early 1990s, London's Southwark Crown Court heard.
Mr Travis, who was playing 'evil uncle' Abanazar in the show, is accused of
indecently assaulting a female crew member in his theatre dressing room during
the panto's run. The woman, who was 21 at the time of the alleged incident, has
previously told the court her ordeal ended when they were interrupted by one of
the Chuckle Brothers walking past in the corridor. Giving evidence yesterday,
Paul Elliott, 66, was asked by Stephen Vullo, defending Mr Travis, whether he
recalled any inappropriate behaviour by the former Radio 1 star. Mr Elliott
replied: "No sorry, I don't. "As I say it was a complete surprise."

Mr Elliott, who starred in BBC children's television series Chucklevision
alongside his brother Barry, said Mr Travis was "very professional" during the
panto. Asked whether he was aware of any formal or informal arrangement to
chaperone female staff members around Mr Travis, Mr Elliott replied: "Not that I
recall, not at all. "I think I would remember."

Mr Elliott said he and his brother would have been made aware of such a policy
as they were 'top of the bill'. The comedian said he did not recall any
particular incident when a female stage hand had left Travis's dressing room.
During his evidence, Mr Elliott was warned by Judge Anthony Leonard after using
he word 'we' to recall his time in the panto. "Please bear in mind it's your
memories we're after," the judge said. Mr Travis, 68, from Buckinghamshire, is
accused of indecently assaulting 10 women and sexually assaulting another in
incidents dating back to 1976 and the height of his fame. Appearing in court
under his birth name David Griffin, the alleged offences occurred when he was
working as a BBC DJ, as a broadcaster with Classic Gold radio, while appearing
on Top Of The Pops and when starring in panto. He denies all the charges.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WITNESSES Chuckle Brothers Barry and Paul Elliott arrive at court to
give evidence in the sex assault trial of DJ Dave Lee Travis, right »

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MEN


                     Copyright 2014 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              18 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            Derby Evening Telegraph

                                February 2, 2001

These ghosts will really make you Chuckle

SECTION: Showbiz: COMEDY, Pg.07

LENGTH: 168 words


FRESH from appearing in panto at the Theatre Royal in Nottingham, television
favourites The Chuckle Brothers head back to Derby later this month.

Paul and Barry, real life brothers, will be presenting their totally new show
Spooky Goings On at the Assembly Rooms especially for the half-term school
holidays.

The show sees the popular pair "sort out some very silly ghosts and manage, as
always, to get themselves into trouble."

The Chuckle Brothers are frequent visitors to Derby and have worked in virtually
all fields of entertainment - adding summer seasons, cabarets, circuses and even
an ice show to their panto work.

But it's through television that they have built up a loyal audience of
children.

Their Chucklevision show is now in its 13th year and each series lasts for 30
weeks and regularly pulls in an audience of more than three million.

- The Chuckle Brothers in Spooky Goings On, Wednesday, February 21, 1pm and
4.30pm. Tickets GBP 7.50 and GBP 8.50. Box office 01332 255800.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: The Chuckle Brothers are back.

                     Copyright 2001 Derby Evening Telegraph

                              19 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                           Evening Herald (Plymouth)

                                 April 17, 1998

They even made my dad chuckle

BYLINE: This Guest Review Is By Luke Harrison, Pictured Right. Luke Is Aged 8,
And Is A Pupil At Horrabridge Primary School. His Favourite Tv Programmes Are
The Chuckle Brothers, The Simpsons And Wacky Races. His Hobbies Are Playing
Football, Watching Plymouth Argyle, Swimming And Ice Skating.

SECTION: Boxfile: WHAT'S ON NOW, Pg.28

LENGTH: 207 words


The Chuckle Brothers

Plymouth Pavilions

ONE of the funniest bits was when one of the Chuckle Brothers put ice cream in
my dad's face. I was trying to hide when he came off the stage towards us and
into the crowd. Dad said it tasted like shaving cream.

"But the best bit of all was when the Chuckles were trying to make a cake. They
were listening to a cookery programme when someone switched the radio to a
gardening programme and they ended up mixing compost in with the flour.

Their tricks with plates were also very good.

The first half was much funnier than the second and I liked the girl singers -
when they did a Spice Girls song. But my favourites were the Chuckle Brothers
and the story of when they joined the Army.

Mistake

The funniest thing in the second half of the show was when they made a mistake.
Barry tried to blow a trumpet to wake up the sergeant in the next bed but he
couldn't do it properly and made a squelching noise.

Both of the brothers couldn't stop laughing but I don't think they were meant to
be laughing at that time.

The last show I saw in Plymouth was Peter Pan, but the Chuckles were much better
and made me laugh, and my dad as well.

I would go to see them again if they came down here.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: WHAT A LAUGH: The Chuckle Brothers were a hit with Luke

                         Copyright 1998 Evening Herald

                              20 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                              North Devon Journal

                                 April 16, 2009

Preview: Chuckle brothers bring a new adventure to Barnstaple

SECTION: Pg. 43

LENGTH: 195 words


The Chuckle Brothers  Queen's Theatre, Barnstaple  Saturday April 25

A DAFT duo are off on another crazy crusade to make you chuckle at the Queen's
Theatre this month. The Chuckle Brothers are back with a new adventure, this
time with an outer space theme in Chuckle Trek - The Lost Generation.

The irrepressible Paul and Barry become crew members of the USS Exercise and set
off on a new mission to boldly go where no one has gone before - or at least for
a while anyway.

An alien colony of robots has waged war against Earth, and Captain James T Burke
and his crew must find a way to stop them. Soon the intrepid Chuckle Brothers
find out they are the only ones who can save the day.

TV and stage favourites, the Chuckle Brothers have been in the business of
family entertainment for more than 20 years.  In 2008 they received the Special
Award at the Children's BAFTAs in recognition of their outstanding contribution
to the field.  With their crazy comedy and well known catchphrases, 'Oh dear, oh
dear' and 'To me, to you', Paul and Barry promise fun for all, no matter what
your age.

Tickets: £12.50. Box office: 01271 324242 or visit http://www.northdevon
theatres.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 150


                       Copyright 2009 North Devon Journal
                              All Rights Reserved

                              21 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                              North Devon Journal

                                 April 16, 2009

Preview: Chuckle brothers bring a new adventure to Barnstaple

SECTION: Pg. 43

LENGTH: 195 words


The Chuckle Brothers  Queen's Theatre, Barnstaple  Saturday April 25

A DAFT duo are off on another crazy crusade to make you chuckle at the Queen's
Theatre this month. The Chuckle Brothers are back with a new adventure, this
time with an outer space theme in Chuckle Trek - The Lost Generation.

The irrepressible Paul and Barry become crew members of the USS Exercise and set
off on a new mission to boldly go where no one has gone before - or at least for
a while anyway.

An alien colony of robots has waged war against Earth, and Captain James T Burke
and his crew must find a way to stop them. Soon the intrepid Chuckle Brothers
find out they are the only ones who can save the day.

TV and stage favourites, the Chuckle Brothers have been in the business of
family entertainment for more than 20 years.  In 2008 they received the Special
Award at the Children's BAFTAs in recognition of their outstanding contribution
to the field.  With their crazy comedy and well known catchphrases, 'Oh dear, oh
dear' and 'To me, to you', Paul and Barry promise fun for all, no matter what
your age.

Tickets: £12.50. Box office: 01271 324242 or visit http://www.northdevon
theatres.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 150


                       Copyright 2009 North Devon Journal
                              All Rights Reserved

                              22 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                              North Devon Journal

                                 April 16, 2009

Preview: Chuckle brothers bring a new adventure to Barnstaple

SECTION: Pg. 43

LENGTH: 195 words


The Chuckle Brothers  Queen's Theatre, Barnstaple  Saturday April 25

A DAFT duo are off on another crazy crusade to make you chuckle at the Queen's
Theatre this month. The Chuckle Brothers are back with a new adventure, this
time with an outer space theme in Chuckle Trek - The Lost Generation.

The irrepressible Paul and Barry become crew members of the USS Exercise and set
off on a new mission to boldly go where no one has gone before - or at least for
a while anyway.

An alien colony of robots has waged war against Earth, and Captain James T Burke
and his crew must find a way to stop them. Soon the intrepid Chuckle Brothers
find out they are the only ones who can save the day.

TV and stage favourites, the Chuckle Brothers have been in the business of
family entertainment for more than 20 years.  In 2008 they received the Special
Award at the Children's BAFTAs in recognition of their outstanding contribution
to the field.  With their crazy comedy and well known catchphrases, 'Oh dear, oh
dear' and 'To me, to you', Paul and Barry promise fun for all, no matter what
your age.

Tickets: £12.50. Box office: 01271 324242 or visit http://www.northdevon
theatres.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 150


                       Copyright 2009 North Devon Journal
                              All Rights Reserved

                              23 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            Nottingham Evening Post

                               December 14, 2000

The blood brothers!
 PANTO STARS GIVE A SHOT IN THE ARM TO FESTIVE DONORS DRIVE

BYLINE: By Simon Keane

SECTION: Health & Welfare: CAMPAIGN: TIME FOR A PINT, Pg.34

LENGTH: 291 words


A PAIR of comedians have joined a campaign to get Nottingham people to donate
blood over Christmas.

Panto stars the Chuckle Brothers, who are in Jack and the Beanstalk at the
Theatre Royal, visited children at the Queen's Medical Centre as part of the
campaign.

Traditionally, blood stocks fall during Christmas and the New Year as donors are
busy preparing for festivities.

Barry Elliott, one half of the Chuckle Brothers, said: "Giving blood is a really
great thing to do because it helps everyone. If it wasn't for our hectic touring
and filming schedules throughout the year we definitely would give blood because
both of us feel that it's a really important issue.

"While we are in Nottingham we want to support the National Blood Service and
the Evening Post's own Time For A Pint Campaign."

Eve Worthington from the National Blood Service, said: "It is wonderful the
Chuckle Brothers are supporting our campaign.

"Blood is one of the best Christmas presents anyone can give - it saves lives."

The National Blood Service mascot Billy Blood-drop joined the panto stars and
gave out goody bags at the hospital.

Staff nurse Julie Prior at the Castle House Blood Donor Centre in Castle
Boulevard said: "People are more likely to put off giving blood but we are
urging them to keep their appointments."

The Evening Post runs its own campaign to encourage people to give blood.

Since it was set up three years ago - when blood stocks hit an all -time low -
5,000 new donors have come forward.

The Castle House Blood Donor Centre, which has 40 staff, deals with almost 100
donations a week.

Anyone interested in booking an appointment at the centre can call 0115 958 9588
or ring the national call centre on 0845 7 711 711.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: TO ME, TO YOU: It was all 'armless' fun when Chuckle Brothers Barry and
Paul took time out from their panto duties at Nottingham's Theatre Royal to
visit the children's wards at the Queen's Medical Centre. The visit was to
remind people to give blood at Christmas and the New Year. One of the patients
they met was Samuel Webster, 11, from Bulwell, who was climbing not a beanstalk
but a tree when he fell and broke both arms

                     Copyright 2000 Nottingham Evening Post

                              24 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                          Weston and Somerset Mercury

                            April 30, 2015 Thursday

Chuckle Brothers in Weston show

BYLINE: David Spear

SECTION: LEIS

LENGTH: 337 words


The Chuckle Brothers.

The Playhouse, Weston.

May 17.

EVERYONE'S favourite children's double act, The Chuckle Brothers, will be coming
back to Weston with their latest show.



Paul and Barry are bringing their latest outing, a take on the Wizard of Oz
titled The Chuckles Of Oz, to The Playhouse on May 17.

The pair first made their names in showbiz with the Children's BBC hit series
Chucklevision, one of the longest-running children's television shows in
history, which broadcast for 21 series between 1987 and 2009.

Their latest endeavour is guaranteed to tickle people of all ages as the
brothers, taking the role of a pair of wizards, join Wizard Of Oz characters
Dorothy, the tin man, the scarecrow and the cowardly lion on a trip to the
Emerald City in a hilarious take on the classic musical film.

The Chuckle Brothers have enjoyed decades of huge critical and audience acclaim
throughout the raft of stage shows they have put together around the country.

The undisputed kings of family-fun comedy in the UK are regularly joined by
real-life siblings Jimmy and Brian Patton.

Get ready for plenty of audience participation, packed with laugh-out-loud
comedy and spectacular sets, costumes and incredible 3D special effects from the
country's most two loved children's entertainers.

The show gets underway at 2pm.

Tickets, priced £15.50, are available from the box office on 01934 645544 or
online via www.theplayhouse.co.uk

n The Mercury has teamed up with the Playhouse to offer three pairs of pairs of
tickets to see the show. To enter the competition, answer this question: In what
year did Chucklevision end?

Send your answer, your name, address, email address and a daytime telephone
number, to: Chuckles Of Oz competition, Weston, Worle & Somerset Mercury, 32
Waterloo Street, Weston-super-Mare, BS23 1LW by 10am on May 8. You can also
enter online by logging on to www.westonmercury.co.uk

Usual Archant rules apply and the editor's decision is final.

By entering this competition you are agreeing to be contacted by Archant.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WSM


                    Copyright 2015 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              25 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                            December 16, 2011 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Something to chuckle about at fire-hit school;
E HULL: Comedy brothers open new nursery

BYLINE: Katie Knass

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 319 words


InShort The Chuckle Brothers have opened the new nursery at Longhill Primary
School.

It was destroyed by fire last November.

THEY have been making people laugh for more than 40 years.

Now, the Chuckle Brothers have spread a little Christmas cheer at Longhill
Primary School as they visited children to officially open the new nursery. The
nursery at the east Hull school was destroyed by fire last November. Now, pupils
have moved into new surroundings and an official opening has been held, with
Chuckle Brothers Barry and Paul as the guests of honour.

Head teacher Chris JenninS gs said: "The pupils were ecstatic and the Chuckle
Brothers were lovely with them.

"They were doing high-fives with the children and chatting to them about all
different things. It was great.

"The children gave them a Longhill Chuckle bag with things in from Longhill
Primary School.

"The school is very grateful they came all the way from Rotherham to see the
children.

"We are grateful they were able to stay as long as they did and cut the ribbon
on the new nursery." Youngsters had to be evacuated from the Shannon Road school
after smoke was seen billowing out.

Devastated children lost all their toys and work. Parents rallied and managed to
replace some of the items.

However, the building was destroyed and the pupils had to be relocated to the
sports hall, until February this year when they were moved to a temporary
building. Speaking after cutting the ribbon, Barry said: "It was a great honour
to be asked to attend this event, and we had a fantastic time.

"It looks as though the school has a wonderful set-up and some really great
kids.

"It really was a privilege to be part of such an important occasion for the
school."

As a treat, the entire school was taken to see the Chuckle Brothers in the
pantomime Cinderella yesterday.

. ? Cinderella is on at Hull New Theatre until Saturday, January 14. To book
tickets, call 01482 300300.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TO ME, TO YOU: The Chuckle Brothers cut the ribbon on the new nursery
at Longhill Primary School, with help from pupils, from left, Preston Burrows,
4, Alisha Haywood, 5, Amira Jimoh, 5, and Harvey Marshall, 4. Picture: Jerome
Ellerby

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDM


                         Copyright 2011 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved

                              26 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                            Birmingham Evening Mail

                            September 4, 2015 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

From me, to you..!;
ROZ LAWS meets the Chuckle Brothers at Wolverhampton's Molineux stadium ahead of
their 50th panto

SECTION: FRIDAY LIVE;NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 330 words


THE Chuckle Brothers are pensioners and ready to appear in their 50th pantomime
- but are suddenly finding themselves cult stars.

The children they entertained through 20 years of Chucklevision have now grown
up and are clamouring to see their heroes in nightclubs and at festivals.

So the brothers are getting used to working until 3am and dealing with
technology like Twitter.

"I've got 65,000 followers," says Paul proudly. You can identify him because
it's Tall Paul and shorter Barry, his older brother. Paul is 67 and Barry is 70,
but they obviously know how to attract younger audiences.

They've been trending on social media recently thanks to a bizarre craze
sweeping Twitter, which saw users Photoshopping their faces into famous works of
art.

They appeared in Leonardo da Vinci's Last Supper, in Edvard Munch's Scream and
Whistler's Mother, and as Dogs (and Chuckle Brothers) Playing Poker and The
Chuckling Cavalier.

They are delighted with the results. "I like that one of you holding me as a
baby," says Barry to his brother of Rossellino's Madonna and Child 15th century
relief.

We are chatting at Molineux Stadium where the brothers are launching this year's
Wolverhampton The Chuckle Brothers get a taste for ¦management in the dugout at
Wolves Grand Theatre panto, Peter Pan. They play Barry and Paul Smee.

But first they are playing trendy Bestival on the Isle of Wight.

"We do a lot of festivals and public appearances in nightclubs now," says Paul.

"Our early audiences have grown up and love to meet us.

"They are too cool to come to see us in panto but it's OK to queue up in a
nightclub for a photo with us.

"They say 'You are my childhood.' ".' "It's fine working at 1am, as we never get
to bed before 3am anyway. It comes from years of being in shows which don't
finish until 10.30pm, then we don't get home until midnight, and we're on too
much of a high to go to bed straight away."

? Peter Pan is at Wolverhampton's Grand Theatre from December 12 to January 24
2016.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Chuckle Brothers Photoshopped ¦into Rossellino's Madonna and Child

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BMM


               Copyright 2015 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              27 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                            South Wales Evening Post

                             April 19, 2011 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

The Chuckle Brothers present Barry [...];
REVIEWS

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 268 words


The Chuckle Brothers present Barry Potty And His Full Blood Brother Paul in The
Ghostly Shadows. Grand Theatre.

MAGIC wands were out in force as The Chuckle Brothers returned to the stage for
a wizardly outing. The Harry Potter themed show used plenty of the popular
series' references, though didn't particularly follow the stories closely; as
you'd expect with a Chuckle Brothers show, any major plot line is shadowed by a
barrage of silly jokes, but that is what makes them so unique. Whether it was
the scene where Paul and Barry were "shrunk" to miniatures of themselves or
their cooking antics that ended in an arsenal of water pistols soaking the
crowd, the silly humour had the audience laughing throughout.

The two elder brothers of Paul and Barry, the Patton Brothers, were key
characters in the show, with Brian Patton taking the role of evil Professor
Folderol and Jimmy Patton as the school's headmaster, Professor Bumblebore.
Fitting in with the wizardly theme, there were plenty of tricks performed by
illusionist duo Saphire (Jayne and Stuart Loughland) who created some
mind-boggling magic.

We also saw some surreal neon puppetry performed under "blue light" to a medley
of recent and classic pop tracks and a giant rabbit that turned crazy whenever
carrots were mentioned. Just a normal day out for the Chuckle Brothers! Though
the show is primarily aimed at children, there was plenty of subtle humour for
the parents, ensuring the laughs were shared by everyone.

Despite now being comedy veterans, this show did well to introduce a new
generation to the joys of this comedy twosome.

Chris Carra

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SWP


                    Copyright 2011 South Wales Evening Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              28 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                               Leicester Mercury

                               December 26, 2000

Chuckle Brothers live up to name

SECTION: News: Ents, Pg.25

LENGTH: 262 words


Jack and the Beanstalk

Nottingham Theatre Royal until January 21, 2001

By Lizz Brain

THANK goodness for The Chuckle Brothers!

Within seconds of their first appearance they had the audience n kids and adults
n in the palms of their hands, keeping comic levels high and routines tight.

And in a show that appeared woefully under-rehearsed on opening night they were
simply a blessing.

Bonnie Langford, heading the cast as Jack, was saccharine rather than sweet, Don
McLean's Dame lacked sparkle and The Generation Game's Kimberley Cowell, as
Fairy Petal, had no personality nor rapport with the kids.

Kate Coysten's Princess Apricot had a nice singing voice though a relatively
small acting part, but The Chuckle Brothers oozed enthusiasm, professionalism
and energy.

A huge animatronic giant dominated the castle scenes and delighted the kids,
before the obligatory rescue of the Princess and the finale Royal Wedding, but
more use of the snoring, grumbling ogre would have been nice.

The opening number n Giants In The Sky from Stephen Sondheim's Into The Woods n
was lost on the youngsters, although they did liven up for the theme from
Friends and a version of S Club 7's Reach for the Stars.

But the giant and The Chuckle Brothers were the saviours of opening night. One
can only hope the show gathers pace, the dancers learn to move together and
McLean borrows some of Langford's overacting as the run progresses.

It's a shame for a theatre which has boasted top pantos in recent years, but
this was not up to the standard of its predecessors.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                        Copyright 2000 Leicester Mercury

                              29 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                               Grimsby Telegraph

                           November 16, 2010 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

To me, to yule ... can the Chuckles save Christmas?;
Infamous comedy brothers heading to town with hit new festive show

BYLINE: Katy Forrester

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 329 words


TELEVISION favourites The Chuckle Brothers are back in the region ... but can
they save Christmas? Paul and Barry Elliot and the rest of the gang will delight
Lincolnshire fans with a new pantomime on November 26.

When the evil Jack Frost steals all the children's presents from Father
Christmas who can the elves ask for help? Only Paul and Barry ... oh dear, oh
dear!

Don't miss this spectacular, comedy Christmas special adventure of The Chuckle
Brothers in Twelve Days Of Christmas. The audience can enjoy dancers, magical
illusions and fantastic scenery and costumes.

Paul and Barry are best known for their work on their BBC show ChuckleVision,
which celebrated its 21st anniversary in March this year.

The comedy of the pair usually derives from slapstick and other visual gags and
their catch phrases including "to me, to you" and "oh dear, oh dear".

The Chuckle Brothers were born in Rotherham and their father was a well-known
Gang Show performer whose stage name was Gene Patton.

He worked with the 18-year-old Peter Sellers in 1920 in The No. 10 Gang and gave
performances around Europe.

They also have elder brothers called Jimmy and Brian, who are known
professionally as The Patton Brothers and who featured in The Black And White
Minstrel Show.

The Chuckle Brothers won the television talent shows Opportunity Knocks in 1967
and New Faces in 1974 and their characters quickly made it into the hearts of
families across Britain.

The pair have been touring the country for years with their productions and
recently came back on daytime TV, featuring in a special celebrity addition of
Channel 4's reality show Coach Trip.

Barry even ended up bathing in beer with Ingrid Tarrant, the former wife of
broadcaster Chris Tarrant. But it was all innocent fun and much more is to be
had at the Grimsby Auditorium when the funnymen have a local audience laughing
their socks off.

The show will start at 7pm and tickets are £17. Call 0844 8472426 or visit
www.grimsbyauditorium.

org.uk

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FUNNYMEN: The Chuckle Brothers are set to appear at the Grimsby
Auditorium in Twelve Days Of Christmas.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GRT


                        Copyright 2010 Grimsby Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved

                              30 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                Cornish Guardian

                                  May 5, 2005

Irrepressible chuckle brothers are back

SECTION: Features; Arts; Musicals; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 319 words


To me to you! Those irrepressible Chuckle Brothers are back with their latest
stage show, Pirates of the River Rother.  This swashbuckling adventure, which
comes to the Hall for Cornwall in June, sees Paul and Barry encounter mysterious
ghost ships and dastardly pirates - as well as calamity after calamity.

They get into scrapes with Pirate Captain Redbeard and Horatio Nelson Slacking
as they search for the famous hidden treasure on Slack Island.

With a full supporting cast, this is The Chuckle Brothers' biggest show ever and
great entertainment for all the family.

Paul and Barry Chuckle (their real name is Elliott) are the youngest in a
showbiz family of eight and were literally born in a suitcase.

They started entertaining friends and neighbours in the back garden of their
home in Rotherham, South Yorkshire.

They have worked in practically every field of entertainment from panto, summer
season, clubs, cabaret, television, touring revues, circus and even an ice show.

The brothers even won New Faces on the original series back in 1974.

But it was in 1985 that they got their big break with the BBC series The
Chucklehounds, which evolved into Chucklevision - the 15 series of which has
just been commissioned.

Although it is transmitted during children's viewing hours, the boys aim the
humour and storylines at everyone from two to 92, and the fan letters prove this
as they come from tots, teenagers, mums, dads and grannies. It regularly pulls
in more than three million viewers and is screened 30 weeks a year.

In 1996 the Chuckle Brothers started touring and the shows have got bigger and
better ever since, with Pirates of the River Rother promising to be the best
yet.

Performances at the Hall for Cornwall take place from 2pm and 5pm on Wednesday
and Thursday, June 1 and 2. Tickets cost £10 plus 50p Theatre Fund payment,
contact the box office on 01872 262466.


LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                        Copyright 2005 Cornish Guardian

                              31 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                            October 22, 2007 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Fate found its way into the mix

BYLINE: Jeff Dedekker, The Leader-Post

SECTION: ARTS & LIFE; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 321  words


The Chuckle Bros. have found out first-hand that fate can be a fickle thing.

It took the better part of four years for the triumverate of Brian Boychuk, Ron
Boychuk and Ronnie Martin to bring the one-panel comic from creation to a
syndicate contract with TorStar Syndicate Services. They also continued to try
and attract the attention of U.S. syndicates, such as Creators Syndicate and
Universal Press Syndicate, in an effort to break into the vast American market.

Despite their diligence, the Chuckle Bros. were unable to seal the deal on a
U.S. contract until fate stepped into the picture. A chance meeting for Creators
Syndicate sales representative Margo Sugrue at the Ottawa Citizen, which is one
of 36 Canadian newspapers to run the Chuckle Bros., resulted in a contract for
the trio.

"Margo told us that she was in the Citizen editorial office when she saw our
cartoon for the first time," Brian Boychuk said. "In all the time we'd been
sending to Creators she didn't see it and that's the way it goes sometimes when
you're submitting to syndicates. But she saw it at the Citizen.

"It just goes to show that you've got to keep pushing forward. If you can get
into one paper, get into that paper because someone is going to see it and make
a difference. She saw it, took it back to L.A. and passed it around. Turns out
some Creators people knew about the cartoon. They started talking about it and
then called TorStar and worked out a deal."

As a result, the Chuckle Bros. are looking to the future with optimism.

"It's a very rare air to be a cartoonist and we're more than proud and happy to
have accomplished what we have so far," Boychuk said. "Not too many people get
to this level. It's like the NFL of cartooning. This is as high as you can go.
Now it's just a matter of how big we're going to get with the public.

"We believe, as well as everyone surrounding us, that we have what it takes to
become extremely popular."

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2007 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              32 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                  Evening Star

                             March 1, 2011 Tuesday

Magical show made us all chuckle

SECTION: ROP

LENGTH: 253 words


THE Chuckle Brothers conjured up a truly magical family show.

Packed with laughs and gasps for the large audience at the Spa, the two brothers
and their regular cast members delivered an excellent slapstick show and great
magical treat.



The story followed Barry and Paul as they enrolled in the Pigspots School of
Magic with headteacher Professor Bumblebore.

Hilarious interplay between the Chuckle Brothers and regular cast member Jimmy
Patton as the Professor entertained both adults and children alike.

Humorous word play and physical jokes kept the audience laughing continuously -
I can't believe how much my children laughed at the hidden magical globe in
Paul's trousers!

The show's magical presentation came from pupils Harmony and Harris (Jayne and
Stuart Loughland).

They wowed the crowd with amazing disappearing tricks and an escapology routine
that left Barry and Paul on the stage in their place. Excellent additions to the
show.

There was lots of audience participation, with classic Chuckle Brother
catchphrases requiring audience reaction and plenty of water flying off the
stage and into the crowd.

The very long queue of children patiently waiting to meet the brothers after the
finale highlights how much these guys continue to deliver quality family shows.


As a few of the parents were keen to get in the photos with the duo too, I can
see this show continuing to be popular for more years to come!

the Chuckle Brothers in  Barry Potty and his Full Blood Brother Paul spa
Pavilion, Felixstowe, Saturday

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EST


                    Copyright 2011 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              33 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                            Birmingham Evening Mail

                           January 24, 2006, Tuesday
                                 Worcs Edition

WIN Chuckle Brothers tickets!;
Chipper Club

SECTION: COMPETITION/OFFERS; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 342 words


BRITAIN'S favourite children's entertainers, the Chuckle Brothers, are back on a
nationwide tour this spring with a brand new show - and you could see them when
they visit Birmingham!

The unmissable show, Doctor What And The Return Of The Garlics, stops off at the
Alexandra Theatre on Sunday February 19 at the end of half term.

It sees Paul and Barry embarking on yet another exciting and hilarious
adventure, with the boys setting off on a galactic trip thinking it is nothing
more than an unusual holiday. But, as ever, they end up landing themselves in
lots of trouble!

Doctor What And The Return Of The Garlics follows the hugely successful tour of
Pirates of the River Rother, which broke all previous box office records around
the country last year.

For fun, chaos and, possibly, some gunge, it's a show that is fun for all the
family, from 3 to 103, and tickets are going like hot cakes.

Good news, then, that we have three family tickets of four to give away in
today's competition!

To enter, answer this question: how many brothers are there in the Chuckle
Brothers?

Write your answer on a postcard or back of a sealed envelope and send with your
name, age, address, phone number and Chipper number to Chipper Chuckle Brothers
Competition, PO BOX 30, Weaman Street, Birmingham B4 6BA.

You can also leave your answer on our special competition line, 0901 380 1240.
Calls cost no more than 25p, but please ask for permission from the person who
pays the phone bill before you ring.

The winners will be the senders of the first three correct entries drawn after
the closing date of Tuesday January 31. They will each win a ticket to the show
at the Alex on Sunday February 19 at 2pm. Tickets to be collected from the
Alexandra Box Office on the day of the show.

If you are not a lucky winner, you might still be able to buy tickets for the
show by calling the Ticket-master Hotline on 0870 607 7544, but hurry, because
they are selling fast, and there is only one performance. Price: pounds 12.

The usual Birmingham Mail children's competition rules apply.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NEW SHOW... The Chuckle Brothers will be getting Birmingham laughing.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              34 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                               Leicester Mercury

                           February 19, 2013 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

REVIEW

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 238 words


The Chuckle Brothers De Montfort Hall Review by Neil Galleymore THE Chuckle
Brothers won TV talent shows Opportunity Knocks in 1967 and New Faces in 1974.

Despite this, they did not find real success until the advent of their own show
for the BBC in 1985. The comedy of the Chuckle Brothers derives from slapstick
and other visual gags, and the kid-friendly repetition of their hit catchphrases
"to me, to you" and "oh dear, oh dear".

In this latest pratfall-packed adventure, The Chuckle Brothers Meet The Phantom,
a theatre manager is in trouble because a ghostly presence is scaring the
punters away.

Things have got so bad he is having to sell everything off in order to pay the
rent and he knows an empty stage is never any good for attracting shows.

He calls Paul and Barry for help. "Have you got any ideas?" he asks. Of course
they have. Just not necessarily good ideas.

This show, which also features Jimmy and Brian Patton (the Chuckles' older
brothers) is filled with great routines, hilarious slapstick comedy and a
fabulous puppet number.

A favourite was a great Barber Shop quartet number featuring the Chuckles and
the Patton Brothers. The young audience loved every minute and my four-year-old
son thoroughly enjoyed it. Afterwards, he said to me: "I love the Chuckle
Brothers, they are very funny". And while they're never going to pick up the top
gong at the British Comedy Awards, I think that just about sums it up.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LEM


                        Copyright 2013 Leicester Mercury
                              All Rights Reserved

                              35 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                    The Sun

                                November 5, 2005

JOKERS EYE A FUN-NIL WIN

BYLINE: Paul Jiggins

SECTION: FOOTBALL

LENGTH: 459 words


We're gonna win chuck-all

LEAMINGTON'S very own version of the Chuckle Brothers are under strict orders to
play it straight at Colchester this afternoon.

But Richard and Jon Adams still intend to have the last laugh, by firing the
Midlands minnows into the FA Cup second round.

The Brummie brothers line up for the Harvey World Travel Midland Alliance side
in today's first-round clash at Layer Road, with their boss Jason Cadden
admitting: "They're our jokers in the pack - and a right pain in the a***. No
manager should ever have to put up with what those two have put me through this
season.

"We call them the Chuckle Brothers because they're always playing jokes on
everyone or cracking gags.

"But even they will be taking things seriously today as it's the biggest game of
our lives."

SunSport will be following Leamington on the road to the new Wembley as they
play in the first round for the first time in their five-year history.

The Adams brothers were both on target in the 3-2 fourth qualifying win at
Ossett Town two weeks ago but their antics still caused boss Cadden to hit the
roof.

Striker Richard, 23, revealed: "Before the game we taped his new pair of boots
to the ceiling and he was going mental because he couldn't find them. Then Jon
and I had a blazing row on the coach home about which one of us is the thickest.

Vaseline

"He said I was and I said he was but, in the end, everyone agreed we're as thick
as each other!

"We're always messing about and cracking jokes - usually at the gaffer's
expense.

Well, with hair like his it would be a crime not to take the p***. I think he's
stuck in the 80s...the 1880s! He said he was going to get it cut if we made the
first round but he changed his mind because he said it might bring bad luck.

"As if that barnet hasn't brought him enough bad luck already!"

But it is not only the manager who suffers at the brothers' hands.

Midfielder Jon, 20, said: "Our striker Ryan Howell paid an absolute fortune to
have his hair cut at a Toni and Guy salon the other week.

"So, when he came into the dressing room, we jumped on him and rubbed a tub of
Vaseline into his hair! He wasn't best pleased." Richard and Jon work alongside
each other as customer services clerks for a property firm. Richard, who has
just passed his assessment to become a bobby, admitted: "I think I must have
attention deficit disorder because I'm always doing silly things, like drawing
things on his face.

"The other week I managed to draw a moustache on him without him knowing.

"The trouble was, it was with a permanent marker and it took him about a
fortnight to wash it off."

The pair will hope to lose their markers a lot quicker this afternoon.


LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2005 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD

                              36 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                 Sunday Mirror

                            December 1, 2002, Sunday

PANTO-MONIUM: OH NO, IT ISN'T! OH YES IT IS;
 UNFORTUNATELY. HERE'S A GUIDE TO WHERE YOU'LL FIND ALL YOUR FAVOURITE D-LISTERS
WEARING TIGHTS AND WIGS THIS PANTO SEASON...

BYLINE: Words: Lynne Michelle

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 24,25

LENGTH: 426 words


Frank Bruno in Goldilocks Finally, after all those years of torment at the
gloves of Mike Tyson, big Frank is the Ring Master. Shame it's only in
Goldilocks And The Three Bears.

* 13 Dec 2002 - 12 Jan 2003, Cliffs Pavilion, Southend-On-Sea, 01702 351 135

Lisa Riley in Goldilocks

Dear, dear. From one of the stars of a popular soap to a circus girl in panto.
Still, it's not the first time Lisa's been squeezed into a Big Top.

*18 Dec 2002 - 26 Jan 2003, Grand Theatre, Swansea, 01792 475 715

The Chuckle Brothers in Aladdin

The Chuckle Brothers continue to fly in the face of the Trade Descriptions Act
with an appearance as Wishee and Washee. Don't waste your doshee.

* 12 Dec 2002 - 12 Jan 2003, Regent Theatre, Stoke-On-Trent, 01782 213 800

Lesley Joseph in Snow White A nice easy job for the make-up ladies this year,
then - Lesley's playing the Wicked Queen. Looking at her in Night And Day you'd
think she'd been practising for the part all year.

* 12 Dec 2002 - 19 Jan 2003, Theatre Royal, Brighton, 01273 328488

Hale and Pace in Dick Whittington Could you happily spend the rest of your life
without ever again clapping eyes on these goons? Then be sure to avoid Bromley
this winter. The gormless duo are heading to Kent to play Captain and Mate in
Dick Whittington, and will doubtless be reprising their 'hilarious' characters
'The Management' along the way. Boo!

* 12 Dec 2002 - 19 Jan 2003, Churchill Theatre, Bromley, 020 8460 6677

Sooty in Cinderella

That rotter Sooty has ditched loyal sidekicks Sweep and Sue to tread the boards.
The part shouldn't prove much of a stretch for our furry friend - he's been cast
as, er, 'The Puppet'.

* 29 Nov 2002 - 18 Jan 2003, Grand Opera House, Belfast, 028 9024 1919

Michaela Strachan in Peter Pan Botox docs up and down the country must have been
rubbing their hands in anticipation when they heard Michaela was going to play
the youthful Peter Pan. Elsewhere, Captain Hook, John Bergerac Nettles, is
tormented by an ominous ticking sound. The crocodile, or his hip playing up?

* 6 Dec 2002 - 18 Jan 2003, Theatre Royal, Plymouth, 01752 267 222

Kym Valentine (Libby from Neighbours) in Peter Pan

Kylie, Natalie Imbruglia and Holly Valance have shown Neighbours can be a
stepping stone to many great things. Sadly, we don't think appearing in panto in
Crawley is one of them. Still, Libby's used to hanging out with a variety of
Lost Boys in Ramsey St, so she'll feel at home.

* 13 Dec 2002 - 5 Jan 2003, The Hawth, Crawley, 01293 553 636

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Copyright 2002 MGN Ltd.

                              37 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                                August 27, 2004

Parliament pulls plug on TV games

SECTION: News; Politics; ScottishParl'ment; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 540 words


Msps have been banned from playing games on their new widescreen TVs at the
Holyrood parliament but will be allowed to tune in to Basil Brush and the
Chuckle Brothers.  Parliament bosses have exercised a form of parental control
by ordering the digital games, which comes as part of the standard package, to
be disabled on TVs for politicians and staff in the new £431million building.

Shopping, lifestyle and sports channels have also been blocked.

But the authorities decided to keep the BBC children's channel, CBBC, because it
might be useful in the parliament's creche.

Yesterday, MSPs complained they were being treated like children by not being
trusted to use their televisions appropriately.

Tory finance spokesman Brian Monteith MSP said: "It's insulting. It is typical
of the oversensitivity of the parliament. I don't know of any MSP who would have
the time to sit playing games on their digital television.

"We have similar games on our mobile phones and if were we to get reception in
the parliament, we would be able to play them on there." Independent Lothians
MSP Margo MacDonald added: "It is treating MSPs like children who always have to
be shepherded." In June, a newspaper revealed that parliament bosses had
splashed out more than £663,000 on nearly 400 widescreen televisions for MSPs
and staff at Holyrood.

The TVs come with the basic Telewest starter package which includes nearly 40
channels plus digital games and quizzes. But MSPs pressing the games button on
the console will be told: "This service not available." The package has been
trimmed back to the main terrestrial channels, a range of news channels and
internal channels showing proceedings in the debating chamber and committee
rooms.

The TVs will still have CBBC, however, which features not only the Chuckle
Brothers but Basil Brush.

Mr Monteith said: "Children's television will be more entertaining than some of
the speeches we have to sit through." Ms MacDonald also said: "How will we be
able to tell the difference between the Chuckle Brothers and First Minister's
Questions?" A parliament insider said: "Although Telewest have this package, it
was just not felt appropriate for parliament to be providing these channels for
internal users.

"Ok, some people might use their TV to watch EastEnders, but there are no
conceivable circumstances when they should be watching a racing or shopping
channel." Ms MacDonald, a fan of shopping channel QVC, one of those ordered to
be blocked, said: "It may be there are some of my colleagues who thoroughly
enjoy the Chuckle Brothers, but if they can get to see their programme I should
get to see mine." She said she had started shopping by TV when she was unwell
and trying to conserve her energy for work.

"It is most unlikely I would be sitting watching QVC in the parliament, but I
would like to be able to make the choice." Ms MacDonald, who is pursuing a
campaign to promote more sport in schools, also criticised the decision to
exclude sports channels.

"It is so stupid for them to say it's sport so we can't watch it. I might want
to watch for a very serious purpose - for example, to see how Scots shape up
against the world's best," she said.


LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

                   Copyright 2004 Aberdeen Press and Journal

                              38 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                             June 3, 2003, Tuesday

THEATRE REVIEW: THE CHUCKLE BROTHERS IN STAR DOORS,LIVERPOOL EMPIRE

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 407 words


POPULAR children's television personalities the Chuckle Brothers took Liverpool
by storm when they appeared in their stage show Star Doors.

Missed cues,fluffed lines, foam pies and the opportunity to make as much noise
as possible were some of the winning ingredients as Barry and Paul Chuckle sent
up sci-fi favourites such as Star Trek,ET and,of course,Star Wars.

The slapstick humour which has made them household names with children up and
down the country was very much on display as routines rolled out in which one
brother could make the other look a fool. The mustachioed duo were either
falling through beds, being followed unaware by aliens,being inept at keeping
the spaceship out of trouble or failing to wallpaper properly.

The kids enjoyed shouting out at their misfortunes at any given moment while the
adults could see the humour in impromptu moments such as when Paul got confused
with the order of his lines and Darth Wader (boo, hiss!) came on to the stage
too early in the sketch and proceeded to reduce Barry and Paul to laughing
wrecks.

To keep everyone interested, the sci-fi sketches were interspersed with magical
interludes. The lycra-clad assistant duly disappeared after a series of
fluorescent poles had been inserted into the box which held her captive and the
piece de resistance was when the assistant and illusionist changed places - one
being in a locked container and the other standing alongside -at the swish of a
large cape.

Audience participation resulted in three fathers and a mother losing any dignity
they may have had when they came on stage to act out Goldilocks and the Three
Bears. Lots of running around, wearing wigs and having a foam pie splattered all
over their face was their privilege. It was an instant hit.

It wouldn't have been a Chuckle Brothers production if their catch phrase To
You, To Me wasn't utteredand, indeed,it was but other running gags included the
sending-up of the sci-fi classics. Enter Luke Sleepwalker who asked,"Beam them
up Spotty" which presented the Chuckle Brothers with the chance to get mileage
out of any combinations of spotty, snotty and botty.

Don't forget it is aimed at the younger audience - and they loved it. So much
so, that afterwards the queue to meet Barry and Paul and have their programmes
signed snaked round corners and down stairs, testament to how popular the comic
double act have become.

LOUISE MALONE

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Newspaper

               Copyright 2003 The Liverpool Daily Post & Echo Ltd

                              39 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                              Lancashire Telegraph

                            February 11, 2011 Friday

What's on: The Chuckle Brothers

SECTION: STAGE - SHOW PREVIEWS - MANCHESTER

LENGTH: 141 words


The Chuckle Brothers are back on tour with their new show Barry Potty and his
Full Blood Brother Paul in The Ghostly Shadows in Preston on March 13, Carlisle
on April 2, Southport on April 10 and Manchester on April 15.

Barry and his brother Paul arrive accidentally at Pigsnorts School of Magic
where the evil Lord Fonterall is plotting to take over the school.

Will he win and stop the Chuckle Brothers in their attempt to spoil his evil and
wicked plan?

Featuring ghosts, ghouls and magic this show is suitable for children aged three
years and over.

* The Chuckle Brothers' Barry Potty and his Full Blood Brother Paul in The
Ghostly Shadows is at Charter Theatre, Preston on March 13, 08453442012; Sands
Centre, Carlisle on April 2, 01228 625222; Southport Theatre on April 10, 0844
847 2380; Palace Theatre, Manchester on April 15, 0844 847 2277.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              40 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                            November 26, 2010 Friday
                              North Wales Edition

Chuckle Brothers help Santa in new show

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 121 words


THE Chuckle Brothers return to Llandudno's Venue Cymru on Saturday with The 12
Days of Christmas.

When the evil Jack Frost sneaks into Santa's grotto and steals all the
children's Christmas toys for the festive season, Santa has to turn to some good
friends for help in defeating Jack Frost.

Santa Claus is assured that Christmas can be saved with the help of an intrepid
duo that will be sent to help him. But it's not Batman and Robin, nor Spider-Man
and Superman. It's Paul and Barry, the Chuckle Brothers, plus their trusty team
of helpers.

The show has a new UV scene, dancers, magician illusions and a supporting cast.

. Chuckle Brothers, Venue Cymru, Llandudno, Saturday. Tickets 01492 872000,
www.venuecymru.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dp


                       Copyright 2010 Trinity Mirror plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              41 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                  Louth Leader

                             June 19, 2014 Thursday

To me, to you! Chuckle Brother Paul comes to Louth

BYLINE: James Silcocks

LENGTH: 317  words


One of the world-famous Chuckle Brothers visited Louth yesterday (June 18),
where he greeted locals and happily signed copies of his new book.

Paul Elliott, one half of the daft duo, came along to Louth on Wednesday to be
the special guest at the grand opening of Bookaholics,  a new bargain book shop
which has started trading at 22 Eastgate.

Paul signed copies  of his new book, The Chuckle Brothers: Fifty Years of To Me,
To You', which he co-wrote  with his eccentric older brother Barry, who sadly
could not attend the event due to illness.

Together, Paul and Barry have enjoyed success across the globe over the past
five decades, winning millions of fans both young and old, and are best known
for their long-running slapstick television show Chucklevision' which was  aired
on the BBC for over 20 years.

Despite passing through Louth every year on their way to performing in Skegness,
neither of the Chuckle Brothers had ever really seen much of  the town before.

Paul said: "We've been through Louth millions and millions of times, and I think
we might have worked at a little theatre here back in the 1970s, but we've not
been for many years."

"The book is about our lives, from being kids to growing up to getting into this
business, and it takes us right up to starting Chucklevision, more or less. Our
next book will take us through all the TV years.

"We will probably be back in this area next spring, when we will be performing
Chuckles of Oz', probably at the Grimsby Auditorium, and we will be backat the
Embassy in Skegness all through  the summer."

Bernard Bale, the  owner of Bookaholics, is  a writer and publisher, and  an old
friend of  the Chuckle Brothers.

Bernard said: "Louth is a great place for a bookshop. It's a nice town and it
doesn't get the publicity it deserves.

"I hope this shop will benefit the town. We will be  getting lots more books in
soon, and we  will be expanding."

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MLOP


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              42 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                The Bristol Post

                             June 8, 2006 Thursday

Comic capers

SECTION: Pg. 74

LENGTH: 438 words


Everyone knows the "to me, to you, to me, to you"  routine from children's TV
entertainers The Chuckle Brothers.

Well, now families will be able to see the madcap duo live when they bring their
highly acclaimed show, Doctor What And The Return Of  The Garlics, to The
Playhouse, Weston-super- Mare on June 11.

The brazen spoof of TV sci-fi series Doctor Who sees the boys set off on a
galactic trip thinking it is nothing more than an unusual holiday. Soon they end
up on another amazing adventure fighting for good against evil but stopping
along the way for egg and chips and a cup of tea.

The zany adventure sees the pair creating fun and chaos in equal measure. Barry
plays Doctor What and brother Paul plays Professor Who, while older brother
Brian plays the baddie,  Mr Mister, who is trying to take over the world.

There are lots of hilarious highlights to enjoy along the way including the
Chuckle Brothers trying out the Tardis' food machine, a very special version of
the 12 days of Christmas and some impressive trampoline stunts from the
Acromaniacs.

Doctor What And The Return Of The Garlics follows the hugely successful tour of
Pirates Of The Rother, which broke all previous Chuckle Brothers theatre show
box office records last year.

Paul and Barry Chuckle are real- life brothers and are the youngest in a showbiz
family of eight. They have worked in practically every field of entertainment,
from pantomime, summer season, clubs, cabaret, television, touring revues,
circus and even an ice- show.

In 1974, they won the original series of ITV's talent contest New Faces, but
they are best known to children around the world for their TV series and live
shows.

They got their big break in 1985, recording The Chucklehounds, a pre-school show
for the BBC. Two years later, Chucklevision first aired on the nation's screens
and they have recorded 18 series in addition to several series of their
gameshow, To Me To You, and even been nominated for a Children's Bafta for best
children's television series.

In additional to their TV work, The Chuckle Brothers have performed many stage
show tours entertaining thousands of children along the way.

Recent shows have included Barry Potter And His Smarter Brother Paul In The
Chamber Of Horrors, Star Doors: The Chuckles Strike Back, and Raiders Of The
Lost Bark.

Chuckle Brothers fans have two chances to catch the performance of Doctor What
And The Return Of The Garlics  as shows take off at 2pm and 5pm.

The Chuckle Brothers in Doctor What And The Return Of The Garlics are at The
Playhouse, Weston-super-Mare, on Sunday, June 11. Tickets cost £10 to £12 - call
01934 645544.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Bristol United Press
                              All Rights Reserved

                              43 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                               Leicester Mercury

                           February 11, 2014 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Daft fun for all the family

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 213 words


The Chuckle Brothers De Montfort Hall Review by Neil Galleymore THE Chuckle
Brothers won the TV talent shows Opportunity Knocks in 1967 and New Faces in
1974, but didn't find real success until their own television show for the BBC
in 1985.

Do we really need to recap on the comedy of the Chuckle Brothers? No, but here
goes anyway, if you've just arrived from Australia.

They're the reigning kings of primary school-level slapstick, who have forged a
career on the back of unlikely catchphrases including "To me, to you" and "Oh
dear, oh dear".

In this new show - The Chuckle Brothers in a 2014 Space Oddity - Paul and Barry
visit a toy shop to buy water pistols. While trying them out they notice a play
spaceship, which they get in.

"Don't touch anything," the shopkeeper shouts. "Especially that button!" You can
probably guess the rest.

This was a very enjoyable show for all the family, filled with pratfalls and
daft routines. My sole criticism was a puppet routine which opened the second
half which dragged on a little. A minor quibble.

The kids loved it. Barry and Paul, along with their older brothers The Patton
Brothers, illusionists Safire and former Olympian Richard Morgan, produced
another great show.

It's a shame De Montfort Hall wasn't full. They deserved it to be.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LEM


                        Copyright 2014 Leicester Mercury
                              All Rights Reserved

                              44 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                               Blackpool Gazette

                             August 6, 2012 Monday

Keeping it in the family with The Chuckle Brothers

LENGTH: 282  words


The chuckle Brothers - Blackpool Grand Theatre

There's something almost surreal about a show which opens with a group of
politically dubious dancing cannibals reminiscent of Rupert Bear's early
adversaries singing the Banana Boat song and ends with the exhortation to "blow
your whistle" and dance.

Yes, the sight of Paul (the tall one) and Barry (the other one) sat behind
keyboards and drums is more Chemical Brothers than Chuckle Brothers but in the
scheme of things probably no stranger than the talking toucan or an ultra violet
act performed to Hank Mizell's Jungle Rock.

There's probably a thesis in here somewhere as the hardly young Chuckle Brothers
are joined by their older real life siblings the Patton Brothers (Jimmy and
Brian) plus popular illusionists Stuart and Jayne Loughland (aka Safire)
together with Richard Morgan and Steve Bloor (who double as assistant stage
manager and sound FX electrician).

But thanks to Chuckle Vision the Rotherham brothers (and clan) continue to be
adored by youngsters and, it has to be admitted, their grown up relatives too.
With catchphrases such as "ello" and "to me to you" it's always going to be
predictably simple stuff - a cross between pantomime ("custard" pies and
annoyingly squirted water) and traditional Music Hall (time honoured joke and
set pieces). It's a little bit cheeky at times ("polish it? But we haven't got a
parrot!") but nothing the kids don't find hilarious and nothing that adults will
have to explain after - except perhaps the beach cafe on a desert island and
that unexpected dance/rock megamix at the end.

* The Return of Pirates of the River Rother 2: In Stranger Tights runs on
Mondays at 7pm until September 3.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WBEG


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              45 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                           January 29, 2014 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Chuckle Brothers return;
In Brief

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 73 words


HULL: Comedy duo The Chuckle Brothers return to the city on Tuesday, February
18, with their brand new show, A Space Oddity.

Packed with all of the usual capers audiences have come to expect from a Chuckle
Brothers' show, A Space Oddity sees Paul and Barry go on a truly,
out-of-this-world adventure at Hull New Theatre.

Tickets for The Chuckle Brothers cost £14 and are available from the Hull City
Hall Box Office or by calling 01482 300300.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDM


                         Copyright 2014 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved

                              46 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                             Metro Herald (Ireland)

                           January 15, 2014 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

Chuckle Brother 'foiled DJ attack'

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 137 words


Chuckle Brother 'foiled DJ attack' FORMER BBC DJ Dave Lee Travis was disturbed
while molesting a young woman backstage at a panto by the sound of a Chuckle
Brother approaching, a court heard yesterday.

The former Top of The Pops presenter, who was playing evil wizard Abanazar in
Aladdin, allegedly pinned his victim to the wall in his room and attacked her.

But he relented when he heard one of The Chuckle Brothers - Barry and Paul
elliott - in the corridor outside, the jury heard.

The 68-year-old, real name David Griffin, is accused of 13 indecent assaults
between 1976 and 2003.

meanwhile, TV entertainer Rolf Harris appeared in court yesterday to deny a
series of indecent assaults said to date back 46 years. The 83-year-old pleaded
not guilty to 12 counts, which are alleged to have taken place between 1968 and
1986.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MTReire


                          Copyright 2014 Metro Herald
                              All Rights Reserved

                              47 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                   Metro (UK)

                           January 15, 2014 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

Chuckle Brother 'thwarted DLT sex attack';
Former Top Of The Pops presenter accused of groping women over decades Travis
'left victim, 15 terrified'

BYLINE: AIDAN RADNEDGE

SECTION: NEWS; FRONT PAGE; Pg. 1,5

LENGTH: 261 words


DJ Dave Lee Travis was disturbed while molesting a young woman backstage at a
panto by the sound of a Chuckle Brother approaching, a court heard yesterday.

The former Top Of The Pops presenter, who was playing evil wizard Abanazar in
Aladdin, allegedly pinned his victim to the wall in his room and attacked her.

But he relented when he heard one of The Chuckle Brothers - Barry and Paul
Elliott - in the corridor outside, the jury heard.

The 68-year-old was also accused of groping a girl of 19 during a Top Of The
Pops show as he introduced a song by The Smurfs, and of targeting a 15-year-old
in his trailer at a Showaddywaddy concert.

Prosecutor Miranda Moore said Travis, whose real name is David Griffin, was an
'opportunist' who targeted 'young women who were very vulnerable'.

Travis was arrested in the wake of allegations against former Radio 1 colleague
Jimmy Savile. He is accused of 13 indecent assaults between 1976 and 2003 and
sexually assaulting a journalist at his home in 2008. Ms Moore said the offences
involved 'unwanted contact... on much younger women, both over clothing and
under clothing'. His youngest alleged victim was 'terrified' she would be raped
at the Showaddywaddy concert in 1977. He was also accused of fondling women 'on
a regular basis' while working for Chiltern FM between 2000 and 2003.

Theatre bosses in Crawley decided not to report him to the police over his
alleged attack at the panto because was 'a star', Ms Moore said. Travis, from
Mentmore, Buckinghamshire, denies the charges and the case continues at
Southwark crown court.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Accused: Dave Lee Travis was said to have been interrupted by one of
the Chuckle Brothers, left
PICTURE: www.XPOSUREPHOTOS.COM

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MTRscot


                   Copyright 2014 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              48 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                    The Sun

                                 April 29, 2005

DIRTY CHUCKLE

BYLINE: Alastair Taylor

SECTION: EXCLUSIVE

LENGTH: 401 words


Married star of kids' TV show wooed mum with kisses, gropes and raunchy emails

KIDDIES' TV star Barry Chuckle was branded a sleazy rat yesterday for trying to
bed the mum of two young fans.

The married grandad, 60 - one half of the famous Chuckle Brothers - bombarded
attractive Sally Williams with lurid emails.

Housewife Sally, 37, also told how he KISSED her as she sat in his car, put his
hand up her SKIRT - and BEGGED her to spend nights with him in a hotel.

The starstruck mum, who admits she fell for his charms, said: "I must have been
insane.

"We never had full sex. But I was stupid, naive and idiotic. He's a slimebag and
a sleazeball who could have wrecked my life."

One email from the wrinkly comic - real name Barry Elliott - told how he wanted
to "lick, suck and caress" her. Another drooled: "Even though you won't have
your underwear on for long I'm looking forward to seeing it and removing it
slowly and sexily, you gorgeous little thing.

"Even though I'm an 'old man'...I hope I'll still be able to satisfy you in a
way you won't forget. xxx. Thinking of you, as usual sweetheart."

Sally, who also received up to ten text messages a day, told how she met the
star after taking her children to see Barry and brother Paul, 57, on stage as
the Chuckle Brothers in her home town of Doncaster, South Yorks.

Her son aged nine and daughter, seven, were huge fans of the duo's BBC TV show
Chucklevision. She later emailed Barry to ask if the Chuckle Brothers would sign
a T-shirt for charity.

His messages to her became increasingly raunchy. She agreed to meet him at a
motorway services on the M18. He invited her to sit in his car. She said: "He
kissed me. I'm embarrassed and ashamed because I responded.

Fruity

"He put his arms around me and gradually moved his hands further round and got
them under my shirt and up my skirt." Three days later they met again in the
same car park for more smooching.

But the "fling" was nipped in the bud when her husband Ron, 40 - with whom she
is pictured left - found one of the emails. He stormed: "I want people to know
what Barry Chuckle is really like." Barry - wed to Ann for 35 years - yesterday
admitted sending "fruity" emails and meeting Sally at the services. But he
insisted: "Nothing happened."

HAVE you romped with Barry? Ring The Sun newsdesk on 020 7782 4105.

The Sun Says - Page 6


LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2005 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD

                              49 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                           December 10, 2005 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Meet the Chuckle Bros.

BYLINE: Nick Miliokas, The Leader-Post

SECTION: WEEKENDER; Pg. G2

LENGTH: 1076  words


Tomorrow afternoon at the Book & Brier Patch, the Boychuk brothers, Brian and
Ron, who, together with their visually artistic collaborator, Ronnie Martin,
refer to themselves as the Chuckle Bros., will launch their first book of
cartoons. It is called On the Road, and there's an undeniable irony in the title
in that they hope they are on the road to syndication.

The journey began long before Brian and Ron came up with the first scenario and
punch-line, or Martin scribbled the initial rough copy of a drawing. It started
when Brian and Ron, who are now 48 and 44 years old, respectively, were growing
up in Regina as "comic fanatics," as they describe themselves today, speaking in
unison, as is usually the case when they're not finishing one another's
sentences.

"I've always had a passion for cartoons," says Brian, a longtime violinist with
the National Arts Centre Orchestra in Ottawa. "Ron's like that, too. The comics
page is first thing we turn to in the newspaper."

Self-described class clowns, and, coincidentally or not, graduates of Campbell
Collegiate, which has certainly had its fair share over the years, the Boychuks
were faithful followers of "Peanuts," by Charles Schulz, and later Bill
Watterson's "Calvin and Hobbes."

That, as cartoonists as opposed to readers of cartoons, the Boychuks themselves
have shown a preference for panels over strips is due partly to the fact "panels
take a lot more time to read," as Brian points out, but mostly because they have
a soft spot for punchlines and a talent for writing them, or so they've been
told.

"This might be true and it might not," Brian says, "but it seems to me that
panels might be a harder sell. Or maybe we were attracted to the immediacy of a
single panel, I don't know. Single panels tend to be more slapstick, and
slapstick suits our personalities."

Having been hooked by Schulz and Watterson, the Boychuks were reeled in by the
1980s cartoonists, specifically Jim Unger, creator of "Herman," and in the 1990s
by Gary Larson and "The Far Side." Indeed, it was Larson's premature retirement
in the mid-'90s that inspired the Boychuk brothers to (eventually) create the
Chuckle Bros., and imitation being the sincerest form of flattery, the Chuckle
Bros. panels closely resemble Larson's work, to the extent that they could be
christened Son of Far Side.

"Not that we're comparing ourselves to Gary Larson," Brian says, "but our stuff
is based on Gary Larson, with a distinctive style and look that is our own. We
like to think of it as maniacally bizarre, yet really charming, humour."

The Boychuks, who have been close since their youth, formed a creative
partnership two years ago. Geography has not been an obstacle, despite the fact
that Brian lives in Ottawa and Ron is in Regina earning his livelihood in retail
grocery management. They stay in touch through daily telephone calls, and it was
over the phone that the Chuckle Bros. project was launched with an exchange of
ideas when Brian and his family were vacationing in the Maritimes and Ron was
here at home.

"It's like a lightbulb went on," Ron says. "We had 20 cartoons the first night
and I believe close to 120 by the end of the week."

Still, ideas are one thing, and drawings are quite another. To their credit, the
Boychuks, honest to a fault, readily admit "we cannot draw to save our lives."

That's where Martin, a transplanted Pennsylvanian who owns and operates a design
company in Ottawa, comes into the picture. He takes the words and turns them
into pictures. Martin has some creative latitude, apparently, but "not much,"
the Boychuks explain, speaking together and with conspiratorial but good-natured
smiles.

"It's fun watching our words turn into pictures, but that's Ronnie's
responsibility," Ron says. "Our job is to supply the ideas, and the key to the
whole thing is bouncing ideas off each other until they're do-able."

The next step, and it's a critical one, was to have the cartoon syndicated. The
Chuckle Bros., "three guys with hopes and dreams of making something happen," as
Brian describes them, offered a submission to five major syndication services in
the United States. They were rejected by all five.

The Boychuks then turned to the Leader-Post. Ron had read in a 10th-anniversary
edition of Larson cartoons that, in a similar situation, even Larson, the
creator of "The Far Side," for heaven's sake, had gone to a newspaper in his
time of need.

And so, last spring, the Boychuks dropped off some samples to Kevin Blevins, who
is the deputy editor (nights) for the Leader-Post. "He took a look at them and
thought they already were syndicated," Ron says with pride. "I guess to Kevin
they looked pretty good.

"Now it starts to get exciting," he continues, explaining that Blevins arranged
for them to meet with John Matthews, a sales executive with the Universal Press
Syndicate who is credited with bringing Scott Adams's "Dilbert" to the attention
of UPS.

Brian takes up the story from his brother. "I got the feeling that John was
sincerely interested, and that Kevin was pulling for us, you know? After getting
only rejections, or no feedback at all, this was a real confidence-booster."

The Boychuks would also receive encouragement from Lynn Johnston, creator of the
comic strip "For Better or For Worse." She spoke to Ron by telephone after they
had sent samples of their work to her in Winnipeg. "We talked for about hour!"
he says. "She said, 'Your cartoons are definitely worthy.' When I told Lynn
about our meeting with John and Kevin, she said, 'That has thumbs-up all over
the place.' "

Johnston also suggested doing a self-published book, and recommended Volumes
Publishing Ltd. as being just the firm for the job.

In the end, however, the Chuckle Bros. were rejected even by Matthews and UPS,
"which hit us like a ton of bricks," Ron says, and repeated submissions have not
resulted in syndication with any service, despite the fact the Boychuks are
reassured repeatedly that their submissions are getting stronger.

"Having the name Chuckle Bros. dropped into the bowels of Universal Press is
quite a big deal," Ron says. "What happens next, we don't know."

What happens tomorrow, they do know. On the Road, which is dedicated to Blevins
"in appreciation of his efforts on our behalf," Brian says, will be launched
between 1:30 p.m. and 3:30 at the aforementioned Book & Brier Patch.

"That's something, anyway," Brian says, with Ron nodding his agreement. "At the
very least, we have a book."

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Bryan Schlosser, The Leader-Post; Ron (left) and Brian Boychuk
with their book of cartoons.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2005 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              50 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Record & Sunday Mail

                           January 22, 2014 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Saved by Chuckle Brothers after DLT molested me;
SEX TRIALS WOMEN GIVE EVIDENCE AGAINST STARS ; Stagehand tells court of ordeal
backstage at panto

BYLINE: ADRIAN SHAW

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 227 words


A STAGEHAND told a jury yesterday how the Chuckle Brothers saved her as she was
being groped by Dave Lee Travis.

The woman said she was in the former Radio 1 DJ's dressing room when he groped
her.

Speaking from behind a screen in court, she said: "He put his hand on the door
above me and his other hand down my jogging bottoms. I couldn't open the door."

The woman said her ordeal only ended when children's comedy favourites the
Chuckle Brothers walked past and one called out: "All right, Dave?".

Southwark Crown Court in London heard the alleged assault happened during a
panto production of Aladdin in Sussex in the 1990s, when the woman was 21.
Travis was playing evil wizard Abanazar.

The woman said she did not report him because she was scared of losing her job.

Travis's lawyer Stephen Vullo put it to her that she had "made this story up".

She replied: "That's not correct. Women don't have to accept this kind of
behaviour."

A 1970s beauty queen also said she was groped by Travis at a hospital radio
station event.

A third woman claimed he squeezed her bottom during rehearsals when she worked
as a camera operator on Top of the Pops in the 80s.

Travis denies 13 charges of indecent assault and one of sexual assault involving
11 women and teenage girls between 1976 and 2008. The case continues.

Women don't have to accept this kind of behaviour ALLEGED VICTIM

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CO-STARS Travis with the Chuckle Brothers in panto in the 1990s
PICTURE: JOHN CONNOR PRESS ASSOCIATES LTD

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DRC


             Copyright 2014 Scottish Daily Record & Sunday Mail Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              51 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                Irish Daily Mail

                           January 22, 2014 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

'CHUCKLE BROTHERS 'SAVED TRAVIS VICTIM'

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 114 words


DAVE Lee Travis sexually assaulted a woman backstage at a pantomime and only
stopped when he was interrupted by the Chuckle Brothers, a court heard
yesterday.

The former Radio 1 DJ, who was playing wizard Abanazar in Aladdin in West
Sussex, pinned the 20-yearold against the door of his dressing room and thrust
his hand inside her tracksuit bottoms, it was said. Southwark Crown Court was
told she managed to force the door open as the comedy duo were walking past. The
Chuckle Brothers, real names Barry and Paul Elliott, were said to have stopped
to talk to Travis, although they cannot recall the incident.

Travis, 68, denies 13 charges of indecent assault and one of sexual assault.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Panto: DJ Travis with the Chuckle Brothers

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DML


          Copyright 2014 Irish Daily Mail - Associated Newspapers Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              52 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Express

                            February 6, 2015 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

VETERAN comedians the Chuckle Brothers [...];
HICKEY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 96 words


VETERAN comedians the Chuckle Brothers appeared on BBC Two's Daily Politics
yesterday after one half of the duo, Paul, pictured, responded to a report that
Ed Miliband and Ed Balls had been labelled "the Chuckle Brothers" by tweeting:
"I'd hate to be called an 'Ed Miliband.'" After he and his brother Barry, 70,
were asked if they had any advice for the Labour leader, Paul, 67, replied:
"I've got a few jokes he could use." Probably more than a few: the Chuckle
Brothers first rose to prominence when they won the old TV talent show
Opportunity Knocks - as far back as 1967.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DXP


                       Copyright 2015 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              53 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                           Evening Herald (Plymouth)

                            December 23, 2005 Friday

Panto dream comes true for Helen

SECTION: Pg. 30

LENGTH: 808 words


Former Hollyoaks star Helen Noble is in Plymouth this Christmas to join The
Chuckle Brothers on stage for Plymouth Theatre Royal's family pantomime.

She recalled: "Last year I was starring in the show, in my first ever pantomime.
It was particularly special for me, as I grew up near Manchester and it was to
that very theatre I used to go as a child to watch the pantomimes.

"As a young girl I'd always dreamed of being up there on the stage myself, but I
always thought I'd be one of the dancers or something. So to be the lead girl
was a dream come true."

The dream continues this year when Helen, best known for her role in TV soap
Hollyoaks, visits Plymouth to star alongside The Chuckle Brothers in the Theatre
Royal's annual pantomime Jack and the Beanstalk, in which she will play Princess
Apricot Crumble.

"I was dreading to think what the costumes would be like," Helen groaned in mock
despair as I mention her character's comedy name.

"But being a Princess is a promotion for me, as last year the pantomime I was in
was Dick Whittington and I was just plain old Alice."

Last year's panto also starred The Chuckle Brothers, and had the same director -
former Blue Peter presenter Peter Purves - as the Theatre Royal's festive family
offering for 2005.

Helen said she is 'delighted' to be working with children's TV favourites the
Chuckles once again.

She said: "It's great fun, and last year I loved working with them. I was really
excited at the start, as I used to watch the Chuckle Brothers on TV when I was a
kid, and  there I was on stage with them.

"They were great fun to work with. Even by the end of the run, when it starts to
get very tiring and you've heard the jokes so many times, they were still making
me laugh. They throw in all these extra little gags every night and keep it very
fresh.

"I think this year's show in Plymouth will be very similar with a lot of the
same, funny routines the Chuckle Brothers are known for."

As a relative newcomer to panto, Helen said she was full of enthusiasm for the
format.

"I didn't know quite what to expect last year, having never done anything like
that before, so I was quite nervous. But I loved it so much.

"It's very hard work, as panto runs for a long time and you have to be so fresh
every night, but it's great fun because it's so light-hearted.

"You have to be a certain type of person to do panto because it's very cheesy,
but I always wanted to be involved in it.

"I'm really excited about this year, as I'm more confident about singing and
performing. I was really looking forward to coming to Plymouth, as it's
somewhere I had never been before."

Helen will be celebrating Christmas in Plymouth, as she will be unable to return
home to Lancashire in time.

"But my family will come and see me, and I'm sure we'll have a good celebration
here with the cast as well," she said.

Helen has been performing ever since she was a child, saying: "My hobbies were
always singing and dancing when I was growing up".

The young actress is most famous for playing Abby Davies in Channel 4's popular
teen drama Hollyoaks for almost four years. Helen quit the show at the end of
2004, but has returned to make the odd guest appearance.

"I miss it, of course I miss it - I miss everyone there. But because I am living
in the North at the moment, I still get to see a lot of my friends from the
show. I miss being on the set every day though.

"I left because I was ready to go: I know people stay in soaps for years, but
four years seemed enough to me. I really wanted to fulfil my ambition to be an
actress, and not stay in the same thing forever and risk getting typecast.

"I felt I had grown up in that show. I started when I was 17 and I'm now nearly
23, and I felt I'd matured a lot when I was there, so it just seemed the right
thing to do to move on."

Since leaving Hollyoaks, Helen has co-presented a show for Sky TV and studied
drama at an acting course in Los Angeles.

She said: "I felt like I wanted refreshing, and it was an amazing experience
being in LA as I worked with lots of casting directors and producers over there
and learnt a lot. There were a lot of opportunities coming up but I couldn't
stay because I didn't have a permit, so I had to come back.

"I've done some presenting jobs, some modelling, but nothing really amazing
since Hollyoaks.

"I was looking forward to getting stuck into panto this Christmas, and then
after that it'll be back to auditioning and looking for more work.

"I'd love to do more TV, and ideally a film too, as I think that's every actor's
dream. But I'll take what comes up.

"It is hard sometimes waiting for jobs, but I can't imagine doing anything else
with my life."

l Jack and the Beanstalk runs at Plymouth Theatre Royal until January 21.
Tickets cost £10.50-£19.50 with many family tickets and concessions available.
Call the box office on 01752 267222 to book.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 Evening Herald
                              All Rights Reserved

                              54 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            Derby Evening Telegraph

                                 April 2, 1999

Oh brother it's time fora chuckle!

BYLINE: They Are Chuckle Brothers By Name And By Nature., These Yorkshire Lads
Enjoy Nothing Better Than A Good Laugh, As Wendy Roberts Discovered.

SECTION: Showbiz: COMEDY

LENGTH: 656 words


The Chuckle Brothers

Derby Assembly Rooms, April 10, 2pm and 5pm. Tickets: GBP 7.50, GBP 6.50. Box
office: 01332 255800.

BROTHERS Paul and Barry Chuckle are always cracking jokes and pulling each
other's leg. They do it on and off stage and love having a laugh.

Even when they're not performing as The Chuckle Brothers, Paul and Barry still
can't stop larking around.

"We love to have fun," said Paul. "And because we are so close, we really wind
each other up. We have worked together for so long we know what gags pull the
punches and it is so easy."

Paul and Barry are the youngest in a showbiz family of eight and often work with
their two other brothers, Jimmy and Brian.

"We're one big happy family," said Paul. "And we never take our good fortune for
granted. Being able to perform with people you care about is wonderful and we
are having a super time at the moment."

Before The Chuckle Brothers hit the bright lights of stardom, they toured across
the country performing in small clubs and cabaret venues. They also appeared in
pantomime productions, summer season shows, a circus and even an ice show.

Paul said: "We were performing for more than 20 years before people started
seeing us on the television.

"And now we can't go anywhere, even Tesco, without kids and adults knowing who
we are. It's actually quite nice. After all these years we're still having a fun
time and we really love our jobs."

It was 1985 when the comedy duo got their big BBC break recording 13 episodes of
The Chucklehounds for Children's TV.

Two years later, Chucklevision hit our TV screens again - and they've just
finished filming their ninth series...

"Although this is always transmitted during children's viewing hours, we think
our humour suits everyone," explained Barry.

"We want to appeal to two-year-old kids and 92-year-old grannies. The show
regularly pulls in over three million viewers and it's screened 30 weeks a
year."

Paul and Barry started entertaining from a very early age - putting on shows for
friends and neighbours in the back garden of their home.

Since then they made many one off appearances, and even won New Faces on the
original series back in 1974.

"It took us a long time to get ourselves established - but we've done it now,"
said Paul.

When the Yorkshiremen aren't filming for TV, they're on tour with their own
stage shows.

This year they've written Trouble at Sea - which stars Paul, Barry, Jimmy and
Brian. The show follows the fortunes of The Chuckle Brothers who land a couple
of jobs on board a ship.

During its voyage the boat sinks, the men end up stranded on a desert island -
and the rest is one big secret.

"I'm not telling you anymore," said Barry. "You'll have to come and see the
show. It's funny and full of music - it is really very good actually. We've had
a lot of fun putting this show together and we are pleased to be taking it to so
many theatres."

Paul and Barry penned the script while travelling around the country on tour.

"We set off in our camper van and write our material along the way," said Paul.

"We have a driver so we can spend this spare time working on new scripts and
talking about our next show. Sometimes we have hundreds of miles to travel, so
we might as well fill the time with some serious script-writing."

Paul and Barry introduced a brand new game show series, To Me To You, in May
1996. A year later they recorded another series, and then embarked on a sell-out
tour of Blackpool, Llandudno, Scarborough and Skegness.

Despite their gruelling TV schedule, Paul and Barry still find time to appear in
annual pantomimes and they always go on the road for a summer or spring tour.

And yet again, they've been asked to record yet another series of To Me To You
later this year.

"We like being busy," said Barry. "And it's a good job. Things have been very
hectic for us - but we're not complaining. We seem to be away from home a lot,
but at least we're with each other."

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: The Chuckle Brothers can be seen at Derby Assembly Rooms.

                     Copyright 1999 Derby Evening Telegraph

                              55 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                   York Press

                            November 26, 2010 Friday

The Chuckle Brothers in Twelve Days Of Christmas, Grand Opera House, York,
December 3

SECTION: THEATRE (P WHATSON THEATRE)

LENGTH: 95 words


NEXT Friday Father Christmas and Paul and Barry Elf, alias the Chuckle Brothers,
do battle to stop Jack Frost from ruining Christmas.

"Don't miss this spectacular comedy Christmas special adventure of The Chuckle
Brothers in Twelve Days Of Christmas," say the Rotherham double act. "It's
guaranteed fun for all the family from ages three to 103."

Tickets for each performance cost £17 for adults, £16 for children, on 0844 847
2322 or online at grandoperahouseyork.org.uk

The Chuckle Brothers in Twelve Days Of Christmas, Grand Opera House, York, next
Friday, 4.30pm and 7.15pm

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              56 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                Cornish Guardian

                                January 15, 2004

Have A Chuckle With Slapstick Brothers

SECTION: Features; Arts; Others; Pg. 53

LENGTH: 153 words


Following on from their successful show in Plymouth in 2003 the Chuckle Brothers
are returning to the Pavilions with a new show in April.  Paul and Barry Elliott
aka Chuckle, first won New Faces in 1974.

Since then they have worked constantly on a range of popular television shows
including Chucklevision.

Their catchphrase remains popular, and kids all over the country can still be
heard saying the immortal "To Me To You". The Chuckle Brothers enter a world of
mystery, ghosts and laughter with their brand new show for 2004 - Barry Potter
(and his smarter brother Paul) in The Chamber of Horrors.

Fun, laughter, mayhem and madness for all the family, especially for the boys
and ghouls. The Chuckle Brother bring Barry Potter in the Chamber of Horrors. to
Plymouth Pavilions on Monday April 5 at 2pm.

Tickets cost £8.50 or £30 for a family of four. Contact the box office on 01752
229922.


LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

                        Copyright 2004 Cornish Guardian

                              57 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                South Wales Echo

                           February 17, 2004, Tuesday

CHUCKLE BROTHERS

BYLINE: BY ROSCURTIS

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 166 words


Barry and Paul bumbled their way through their latest show, Barry Potty and The
Chamber of Horrors, to a full house. All the old gags got an airing and kept the
audience weak with laughter - and the children liked it too!

Yet another generation were treated to that old chestnut Buzzy bee, buzzy bee,
what have you got in your hive for me? Especially when the surprise turned out
to be...you've guessed it, a custard pie in the face for Barry, Paul, the rest
of the cast and the audience too. And the kids loved every minute of it.

With a new series of ChuckleVision starting on BBC1, and the old ones still
running on BBC2 and CBBC the Chuckle Brothers have plenty of fans. Their shows
are a sell-out as soon as the tickets are up for sale.

And judging by the amount of small children queuing after the show for their
autographs, the Chuckle Brothers will never be able to retire.

If you have a tiny fan at home, don't let them miss the show next year.

by Ros Curtis

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2004 Western Mail and Echo Ltd

                              58 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                              Doncaster Free Press

                            October 24, 2014 Friday

Chuckle brothers rap with Tinchy Stryder

LENGTH: 169  words


South Yorkshire's favourite brothers have teamed up with MC Tinchy Stryder for a
new track which has taken the internet by storm.

Chuckle Brothers Barry and Paul Elliott, from Rotherham, have collaborated with
the star on a new track called To Me, To You (Bruv)'.

The video shows the children's presenters arguing over a ladder on a suburban
housing estate before joining Stryder for a game of table tennis.

All profits from the song will go to the African Caribbean Leukaemia Trust.

Rumours of the bizarre collaboration were sparked in September after  Tinchy
posted a picture of himself in a music studio with the duo and Paul Elliott
tweeted they had been laying down some cool stuff'.

Phil Dale, the Chuckle Brothers' manager, said the pairing came about after
Tinchy Stryder and the Chuckle Brothers met while filming an episode of Keith
Lemon's ITV show Celebrity Juice and got on like a house on fire'.

Watch the video at {https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EBtd3H3Qdi8 | YouTube, To Me
To You (Bruv) | click here}

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NDFP


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              59 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Scottish Express

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday
                                   Edition 2;
                                    Scotland

Chuckle Brother 'shocked' over DLT sex assault claim

BYLINE: David Pilditch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 409 words


ONE of The Chuckle Brothers said it had been a "complete shock" to hear claims
that Dave Lee Travis had indecently assaulted a stagehand in a panto they all
starred in. Paul and Barry Elliott shared the bill in 1990 with Travis in
Aladdin when the incident is alleged to have taken place.

Travis, 69, who is charged under his real name David Griffin, denies two counts
of indecent assault and one of sexual assault.

Paul Elliott told the jury yesterday at London's Southwark Crown Court that he
never heard claims that Travis had behaved inappropriately with anyone.

He said: "The first that I heard about it was in the newspapers and it was a
complete shock."

Mr Elliott also dismissed suggestions that female staff had to be chaperoned and
told not to go to Travis's room.

"Never saw anything like that," he added. "We would have been told of anything
that was going on." One of Travis's alleged victims claims the former Radio 1
and Top Of The Pops host was interrupted by The Chuckle Brothers during the
alleged assault.

Stephen Vullo QC, defending, asked if he had seen a stagehand come out of
Travis's room.

Mr Elliott replied: "I never saw anything or had any suspicions."

Barry Elliott said Travis, who was playing the baddie Abanazar in the panto,
"seemed to get on with everybody". He and his brother were appearing as the good
policemen.

Travis is facing a retrial on two counts - one of indecent assault of a woman
between November 1, 1990, and January 31, 1991, and another of sexual assault on
a different woman between June 1, 2008, and November 30, 2008.

A jury was unable to reach verdicts at a trial earlier this year. Travis, of
Aylesbury, Bucks, has also pleaded not guilty to an additional count of indecent
assault reported on January 17, 1995.

Earlier, Dee Dee Wilde, a member of Pan's People, the all-girl dance troupe on
Top Of The Pops, told the jury that Travis was a professional "lovable, big bear
of a man". She said the dancers attracted a lot of male attention and even
suffered bruised bottoms after being pinched on a trip to Madrid.

Mr Vullo asked: "From what you know of Mr Travis, did he fall into the category
of a man who thought it was OK to pinch?" Ms Wilde said: "Absolutely not, in
fact you felt safe with Dave.

"I liked him tremendously. He was a lovely man and a great guy and very funny as
well.

"I did not see him do anything inappropriate in all the years I have known
Dave."

The hearing was adjourned until Monday at 2pm.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chuckle Brothers take a selfie outside court yesterday. Below, Dave Lee
TravisPicture: MARK THOMAS / REX

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DXPscot


                       Copyright 2014 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              60 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                Worksop Guardian

                           December 20, 2012 Thursday

Chuckle Brothers at the Majestic

LENGTH: 151  words


SPOOKY fun and laughter are on the cards as legendary kids' favourites the
Chuckle Brothers are set for a show in Retford.

In this new adventure The Chuckle Brothers meet The Phantom',  a theatre manager
is in trouble because a ghostly presence is scaring all the people away. In-fact
things have got so bad that he is having to sell everything off in order to pay
the rent and he knows an empty stage is never any good for attracting shows. He
calls Paul and Barry for help and asks "Have you got any ideas?" Of course they
have, although things might not exactly go to plan?

Take the kids along to enjoy songs, slap-stick, spectacular magic, UV puppets
and fun for all the family.

The Chuckle Brothers meet The Phantom will be at The Majestic Theatre, Retford
on 9th February 2013. All Tickets are £14 but a family ticket for two adults and
two kids is £52.

Call 01777 706866 or visit www.majesticretford.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NWGU


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              61 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                  Batley News

                            February 24, 2012 Friday

Chuckle Brothers

LENGTH: 168  words



HIGHLIGHT: WE'VE had Pirates of the Caribbean - now it's the turn of the Pirates
of the River.


WE'VE had Pirates of the Caribbean - now it's the turn of the Pirates of the
River.

Popular children's comedy duo the Chuckle Brothers are making a welcome return
to the Victoria Theatre when they bring their spectacular pirate adventure
Return of the Pirates of the River, Rother 2 'in Stranger Tights', on Sunday
March 4.

In this exciting production Paul and Barry are visiting a theme park for the day
and decide to brave going on one of the daring water rides. Once inside, they
are leaning on a wall when they accidentally fall through and find themselves
magically transported back in time to a world of Pirates and Sunken Treasures.

Packed full of magic, mystery and of course plenty of Chuckle Brothers mayhem,
this fun-filled show is suitable for all ages.

The Chuckle Brothers' Return of the Pirates of the River Rother 2 'in Stranger
Tights' starts at 2pm and tickets are £14 with family tickets available.

Tickets are on sale at www.victoriatheatre.co.uk or from the theatre box office
on 01422 351158.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NYBN


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              62 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                              Scunthorpe Telegraph

                                 March 21, 2013
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Get ready for a good chuckle;
Children's entertainers The Chuckle Brothers are back with a barrel of laughs in
their new show Meet The Phantom which comes to the Grimsby Auditorium.
Entertainment reporter SELINA MAYCOCK speaks to Barry - one half of the duo - to
see what the man behind the "slapstick" character is really like

BYLINE: SELINA MAYCOCK

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 44,49

LENGTH: 1034 words


THEY'VE been regularly on our television screens since the late 1980s, having
shot to fame with their own BBC1 TV show Chucklevision, starred in numerous
pantomime appearances and have even branched out into performing their own shows
such as the 2011 touring production of Barry Potter and his Full Blood Brother
Paul in The Ghostly Shadows. And the brothers are returning to the region on
Tuesday, April 2, in a new adventure that sees a theatre manager in trouble
because a ghostly presence is scaring all the people away.

In fact, things have got so bad that he is having to sell everything off in
order to pay the rent and he knows an empty stage is never any good for
attracting shows.

He calls Paul and Barry for help and asks "Have you got any ideas?". Of course
they have because they are The Chuckle Brothers, although things might not
exactly go to plan? Ask your parents and you would realise Barry and his brother
Paul set out as a duo to win the television talent show Opportunity Knocks in
1967 and then New Faces in 1974.

Despite this they did not find real success until the advent of their own
television show for the BBC in 1985, Chucklehounds - short shows aimed at
pre-school children that had no dialogue, in which they dressed in giant dog
costumes.

All this was long before the days of Chucklevision. And if those early days of
his career had not taken off, Barry said he aspired to be a footballer.

"I'd have liked to be a footballer," said Barry. "I used to play amateur
football for our local works team on a Saturday and I was also in a team playing
on a Sunday. I go to watch Rotherham United play as much as I can when I'm home.
Scunthorpe United did have our (Rotherham United's) old manager Alan Knill for
some time."

When he's not sticking to the slapstick persona of Barry "Chuckle", Barry admits
that the most embarrassing thing he's done to impress someone is styled his
wife's hair.

"I wouldn't do it now," he said. "What attracts me to a woman is their
personality and of course their figure. It's no good having personality but
nothing to go with it. I like an all-round personality and nice figure."

Having been involved in the television celebrity circles for decades with their
favourite "to me, to you" catchphrase, The Chuckle Brothers have become good
friends with a few celebrities.

Barry said: "Radio One DJ Scott Mills rings us up all the time asking us to come
on his show. And David Jason comes to see our shows with his daughter. He even
stood in the queue with her for our autographs - I've always been a fan of David
Jason."

But even celebrities have dreams of dining with their idols and for Barry, it
would be a dinner date with a difference.

He said: "I'd choose to have dinner with Ronnie Barker, Ronnie Corbett, Jerry
Lee Lewis, Margaret Thatcher (I always think she did brilliant as Prime
Minister, a lot of people didn't like her but she put the country back on its
feet so I'd like to know what she's like) and Stan Laurel."

But there's also some people Barry isn't a fan of and the person he would least
like to be stuck in a lift with is Piers Morgan.

Barry explained: "He's just intrusive especially with the questions he asks."

Describing himself as "little, friendly and humorous", it is no surprise that
fans have given Barry random gifts like Easter eggs to keep him going while he's
on the road.

Hotel stays are something that The Chuckle Brothers are used to and so is his
brother's "messy" style. "I'm a neat and tidy person," he said. "Paul is quite
the opposite. I keep hotel rooms tidy and tend to pack things up as I go along.
Paul's messy." One of Barry's proudest moments was performing on the Children's
Royal Variety performance in front of Princess Margaret 14 years ago. But even
when performing at big events, Barry said they do not spend much time in the
dressing room. Barry said: "We get ready 10 minutes before we go on stage
because I don't like waiting."

When Barry isn't working he would like nothing more than to be in Hawaii where
he once holidayed.

"It's a lovely place," he said.

"But when I'm away I miss the food the most. I like traditional English food
like roast dinners and although you can get those abroad they're not the same."

And if it wasn't for his Chuckle Brother character, Barry said he would like to
change his nose.

He said: "I'd like a nose job because my nose is quite big but it would change
the character so I can't have one really. People expect you to be a certain way
- it's character building. Even if I go out in disguise people recognise me. We
once did Chucklevision dressed as ZZ Top and people still shouted Chuckle
Brothers." But it's not all been good press for the brothers, for they had to
combat the most unkind rumours such as facing the news of their own death.

This has prompted the brothers to ignore what is written about them.

Barry said: "There's lots of rubbish written and you cannot read everything. "I
just read the good stuff. About three years ago one article said Paul and I were
supposed to be dead. I put out a denial and I was on television news talking
about it."

Highs and lows come as part of the job and The Chuckle Brothers are privileged
to use their status to their advantage. Barry said: "Certain shows we get
privilege to see or a concert, we just ring up for that. They say 'yes come
along' but we've never used it to get anything." WE HAVE two family tickets (two
adults and two children) to giveaway to see The Chuckle Brothers meet The
Phantom! at the Grimsby Auditorium on Tuesday, April 2 at 2pm.

To enter this competition answer the following question: What is the surname of
Paul and Barry? A Smith B Brown C Elliott Send your answer with your name, age,
address and daytime contact number to: Chuckle Competition, FAO Selina Maycock,
4/5 Park Square, Laneham Street, Scunthorpe, North Lincolnshire, DN15 6JH. The
closing date is 5pm on Thursday, March 28.

Usual Local World/ Scunthorpe Telegraph rules apply
www.thisisscunthorpe.co.uk/houserules Tickets are £15. Family tickets (for two
adults and two children) are £56.

To book call the box office on 0844 871 3016 or visit www.atgtickets.com/grimsby
The Chuckle Brothers meet The Phantom! Grimsby Auditorium, April 2

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: "Radio One DJ Scott Mills rings us up all the time asking us to come on
his show. CHUCKLE BROTHERS: Paul, left, and Barry

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SCU


                      Copyright 2013 Scunthorpe Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved

                              63 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (England)

                           January 22, 2014 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

DLT stopped gropping when Chuckle Brother said "All right, Dave?

BYLINE: CHRIS POLLARD

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 212 words


DAVE Lee Travis only stopped groping a panto stage hand when a Chuckle Brother
walked past and said "All right, Dave?" allowing her to flee, a jury heard
yesterday.

Travis - a Radio 1 star at the time - acted as pantomime baddie Abanazar
alongside the slapstick duo in a production of Aladdin in the early 1990s.

The woman, now in her 40s, told jurors: "I had gone into his dressing room to
return a prop. As I was leaving, he engulfed me. He put one hand on the door
above my head, and the other down my jogging pants. I got the door open
slightly.

"I heard someone say 'All right, Dave?' He released me instantaneously.

It was the Chuckle Brothers.

I rushed past them."

She said female cast members were banned from being alone with DLT because he
had "a reputation for manhandling women". Earlier, a camerawoman told London's
Southwark Crown Court Travis squeezed her bottom on the Top of the Pops set in
the 1980s, when she was in her 20s.

And a former carnival princess told jurors Travis, 68, groped her at a hospital
radio station opening in Hertfordshire in the early 1970s, when she was 19.

Travis - real name David Griffin - denies 13 counts of indecent assault and one
of sexual assault on girls as young as 15 between 1976 and 2008. Case continues.

c.pollard@the-sun.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Accused . . Travis at court yesterday
Panto role ... DLT and Chuckle Bros in show promo pic

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUNscot


                    Copyright 2014 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved

                              64 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                             The Observer (England)

                               December 27, 2009

7 days: Let's raise a glass to John Terry's souffle

BYLINE: David Mitchell

SECTION: OBSERVER 7DAYS PAGES; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 1012 words


As we reach the end of 2010, the newspapers are already thick with trite
retrospectives. I have no wish to bore you with yet more reflections on any of
the year's big developments, be it the theft of the London Eye, the mole leprosy
epidemic or discovering we're not alone in the universe. I won't add my voice to
the tedious chorus bemoaning the failings of Vince Cable's coalition government,
conspiracy theorising about the disappearance of Tony Blair or speculating as to
why Katie Price's kidnappers committed suicide when the ransom money was on its
way.

The analysis of these events will continue for years and all the more
effectively with the help of the aliens' Thought Machine. But, as Christmas
bleeds into new year - for those of us with mole leprosy at least - let's take a
moment to look at some of the trivial occurrences, some of the more
heart-warming stories, that made the news this year.

Murder of the Chuckle Brothers

As the controller of BBC1 put it: "I asked Richard Curtis, 'What could Comic
Relief do that would involve both the Chuckle Brothers and Frankie Boyle?' and
this is what he came up with. As soon as I heard it, it seemed so obvious - the
sort of thing we should have done years ago. Barry and Paul were thrilled to be
involved in Frankie's edgier brand of comedy and Frankie jumped at the chance to
show his charitable nature as well as, of course, to murder the Chuckle
Brothers."

Richard Curtis described it as the toughest thing he's ever had to organise:
"Getting those guys together, at the same time, in the same room, with a
chainsaw - I mean, it was like co-ordinating Band Aid. And, obviously, it was a
nightmare for the legal team. But fortunately, the Chuckle Brothers were really
up for it, Frankie had a window in his touring schedule and it made an
unforgettable piece of television."

Guy Ritchie's Three Men in a Boat a hit at the UK box office

Ritchie's decision to cut the cast down to one man, substitute a woman for the
dog and relocate the action from the Victorian Thames to the risen seas of a
post-apocalyptic Earth led some critics to ask why he'd acquired the rights to
Jerome K Jerome's comic novel rather than the 1995 Costner flop Waterworld.
"That's easy to say," countered Ritchie, "but how could I read it before I'd
bought it? Think about it." Nevertheless, he made imaginative use of Jerome's
original themes in the climactic scene where thousands of jetskiing terrorists
simultaneously succumb to housemaid's knee.

Gordon Brown and John Major embark on world tour

In October, it was announced that Britain's two most successful caretaker prime
ministers were going to cash in on the new global phenomenon of "mediocrity
chic" brought on by the success of Susan Boyle. In what is described as "an
eclectic mix of glum fiscal satire, Morris dancing and cricket anecdotes",
they'll be taking in over 100 countries playing venues of up to 100 seats. Asked
whether it was SuBo's success that gave them the courage to put the show
together, Brown said: "It was actually her idea."

Vultures attack surgery faces

The cosmetic surgery industry was knocked sideways in August by the discovery
that vultures in the wild will instinctively react to a human face which has
been surgically altered "as if it's mutilated carrion". The research was carried
out by academics from the University of San Diego who took Joan Rivers out into
the desert, as they put it, "to see what would happen". "It was like a scene out
of The Birds," said a traumatised member of the team. Fortunately, most of Ms
Rivers was recovered and they were able to reassemble her from the original
sketches.

Hollyoaks taken into public ownership

The advertising and media recession has continued unabated all year, culminating
in that terrifying day in September where some of the country's leading soap
operas were just hours away from being axed. Many of the problems were solved by
Coronation Street agreeing to absorb Emmerdale while The Archers stepped in to
guarantee Casualty. And after frenzied negotiation, Channel 4 agreed to let
Hollyoaks be absorbed into the department of culture, media and sport with most
of the roles played by civil servants. Unfortunately, the resultant show was
described by Guardian TV critic Nancy Banks-Smith as "still no better".

The England football team's triumph

Coming in the aftermath of their pitiful World Cup exit - the irony of both
losing all of their group matches and testing positive for performance-enhancing
drugs was particularly bitter - the England team's brave and emotional journey
to the final of Celebrity Team Masterchef against the Eggheads was a thrilling
testament to the redemptive power of sport. The whole nation was willing John
Terry's ricotta and walnut souffle to rise but ultimately it was CJ de Mooi's
failure to prepare any dish that didn't, in the words of judge John Torode,
"taste very strongly of his fingers" that gave the soccer stars the edge.

Esther Rantzen launches campaign to grant British citizenship to retired
Oompa-Loompas

Rejecting claims that this was a cynical attempt to steal a march on Joanna
Lumley, Rantzen said: "It's obscene that this proud chocolate-making people are
given no recognition for their efforts." She particularly focused on the plight
of the Oompa-Loompas of Bourneville who work 14-hour days and are then expected
to sleep in dormitories above the factory floor in an ill-ventilated atmosphere
thick with nougat vapour.

"The effects of 'toffee-lung', 'cracknell shin' and 'vibration white chocolate
finger' on the Oompa-Loompa communities of the Midlands have to be seen to be
believed," Rantzen claimed. A spokesman for Cadbury's said: "If they could get
the chocolate to stick to the Curly Wurlys properly, maybe they'd deserve the
minimum wage."

And that's it for 2010. As the hottest December on record draws to a close, with
scientists still unable to explain the month's unprecedented sexiness, let us
suppress our meteorologically induced horniness with a cream sherry and look to
the future with hope.

Captions:

Illustration by David Foldvari


LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              65 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Evening Gazette

                             August 1, 2014 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Chuckle Brothers' book signing

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 149 words


TELEVISION favourites the Chuckle Brothers are coming to Middlesbrough.

To celebrate 50 years in show business the pair have released their
autobiography The Chuckle Brothers: Fifty Years of To Me... To You.

And now, on the latest leg of their book signing tour, Paul and Barry will be at
WH Smith in the Cleveland Centre, at 12pm on August 9. Written by Paul Chuck-k
le, the book talks about the boys' upbringing in Rotherham, their entrance into
showbusiness - Barry in a boy band and their first gig together as a song and
dance act - through to becoming household names in the hugely popular
ChuckleVision, and their theatre tours.

From the early days of working men's clubs to coping with personal tragedies,
they know how to get a crowd crying with laughter.

If you've ever chuckled with the Chuckle Brothers, you can pop to WH Smith and
get your own signed copy of the book from them to you.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EGM


                    Copyright 2014 Gazette Media Company Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              66 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                Pocklington Post

                            November 2, 2012 Friday

Chuckle Brothers star in Hull New Theatre Panto Sleeping Beauty

LENGTH: 393  words


Spinning the pantomime magic once again this year are legendary entertainers and
comedy heroes The Chuckle Brothers. They brought a little piece of early
Christmas cheer to the city when they officially launched this year's
spectacular show - Sleeping Beauty.

Paul and Barry Elliott - known to millions as The Chuckle Brothers, have become
household names through their iconic children's programme Chucklevision. They
have worked in practically every field of entertainment from television,
pantomime, summer season, clubs and cabaret, to touring revues, circus and even
an ice-show. Their unique brand of entertainment, distinctive catchphrases and
knack for bringing mayhem and chaos wherever they go has made them firm family
favourites with children and adults alike.

Jon Conway, Executive Producer of Sleeping Beauty said: "Hull New Theatre's
pantomime provides a wonderful opportunity for the whole family to come together
and enjoy an unmissable festive family treat. We are delighted to have The
Chuckle Brothers leading a superb cast, in a production that will feature an
abundance of comedy, stunning sets and fabulous costumes and I'm sure Sleeping
Beauty will prove to be our best pantomime yet."

Janice Wincott, General Manager at Hull New Theatre, said: "Last year's
pantomime Cinderella proved to be an incredible success and broke all previous
box office sales figures for Hull New Theatre. We've got another fantastic
production in store, Sleeping Beauty, which will be staged at the theatre for
the very first time, and we're confident that it will be a big hit with children
and adults alike this winter."

Sleeping Beauty is produced by Qdos Entertainment, the world's foremost
pantomime producer, and staged by the same team that presented last year's
critically-acclaimed New Theatre pantomime, Cinderella. Qdos Entertainment will
stage 24 pantomimes around the UK this Christmas and its 2012/13 pantomime
season is sponsored by Skype. Like pantomime, Skype is a family-oriented
organisation and brings people together to share in special moments.

Sleeping Beauty runs from Thursday 6 December 2012 to Sunday 6 January 2013.
Tickets are available for purchase from the Hull City Hall box office, the
Wilson Centre on Alfred Gelder Street, via the Booking and Information Line on
01482 300 300, or online at: www.hullcc.gov.uk/hullnewtheatre

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NPOC


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              67 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                 Whitby Gazette

                            January 19, 2010 Tuesday

Rib-tickling duo mark 21 years of TV show

BYLINE: Caroline Gough

LENGTH: 215 words



HIGHLIGHT: THE Chuckle Brothers are back in the Whitby area with a brand new
show full of rib-tickling hilarity.


And the Whitby Gazette has three sets of family tickets to the show up for grabs
in our fantastic competition - see Tuesday 19 January's Whitby Gazette.

An audience with the Chuckle Brothers is celebrating 21 years of TV's Chuckle
Vision.

Having completed the 21st series of the ever-successful series or the BBC, Paul
and Barry have decided to interact live with their audience and fans.

In this one-off tour special, they will be showing film clips of some of their
favourite routines.

As well as performing some of your favourite live routines with supporting
artistes, the Chuckle Brothers will talk about how it all started for them.

They will speak about the most memorable incidents of their career, which
changed their lives and turned them into one of Britain's best-loved family
double acts.

Have your questions ready as Mr Noslacking and Mr Getoutofit will be moving
through the audience with microphones.

Who knows, you may even be asked on stage to join them.

The comedy of the Chuckle Brothers usually derives from slapstick and other
visual gags  and their catchphrases include "to me, to you" and "oh dear, oh
dear".

The show is on Saturday 13 February at the Futurist Theatre in Scarborough, 2pm
and all seats are £12.50.

Audiences are advised to book early so as to avoid disappointment.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WGJ


                       Copyright 2010 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              68 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                Hull Daily Mail

                            August 16, 2014 Saturday

OUR COMEDY DOESN'T DATE AND ANYONE CAN ENJOY IT

SECTION: FEATURES:OTHER; Pg. 6-7

LENGTH: 605  words


When:  Monday, August 18, and Monday, August 25, 7pm.

Where:  The Spa Bridlington, South Marine Drive, Bridlington.

Tickets:  £14.50, family £50. To book:  Call 01262 678258.

Visit:  www.thespabridlington.com

In the blood:  The Chuckles also have two brothers in showbusiness. The Patton
Brothers, who began their career in 1954, appeared in pantomimes up until 2009.

On the pitch:  Both life-long Rotherham United fans, the Chuckles were made
honorary presidents of the club in 2007.

On the screen:  Their iconic TV show, ChuckleVision, ran from 1987 to 2009,
clocking up 292 episodes.

The Chuckle Brothers have been a part of the British comedy scene for more than
50 years.  Will Ramsey chats with Barry Chuckle about their latest creation

T he budget flight has a lot to answer for. Not least Paul and Barry Chuckle's
weekly commutes.

A few decades back, the comedy duo would be installed for a 16-week stretch at
one of Britain's seaside resorts.

These days, the brothers - beloved for their panto appearances and the TV series
ChuckleVision - take part in a daily shuttle run from their South Yorkshire
homes.

Monday is The Spa Bridlington.

Tuesday sees them at The Embassy in Skegness.

Every Wednesday they are in Norfolk, at the Britannia Pier Theatre in Great
Yarmouth.

"What's changed massively is the summer seasons - we used to do 16 weeks in one
resort," said Barry, who has spent more than 50 years in showbusiness.

"We'd play six nights a week in one theatre, and then somewhere else on the
seventh, and it was always packed out.

"Now, with people going abroad, things are different.

"We do the odd night here and there and then drive home again."

The duo, who performed at Scarborough's Futurist Theatre for 20 years before its
closure, have shifted allegiances 18 miles south to Bridlington.

Their latest production, Space Oddity, sees the duo embark on a romp that sends
up the conventions of the sci-fi genre.

"Every year, we look at what's popular - a film or something like that - and do
something on it," said Barry.

"Sci-fi always seems popular, so we chose that.

"We chase people around, we get adults up on the stage, it is a big laugh for
the audience."

The brothers seem to have an inkling for what hits a chord.

There was their Pirates Of The Caribbean take-off, Pirates Of The River Rother -
a nod to their South Yorkshire homeland - and their take on a certain TV
Timelord, Doctor What & The Return Of The Garlics.

If the set-up has changed somewhat, with the switch from residencies that
stretched into months, the affection from the crowds hasn't.

"It is comedy that never dates," said Barry.

"Because it is visual gags, it is comedy that anyone can enjoy.

"We've always done that, we have never changed our style, because it has always
been popular.

"We'll get people who say 'I used to bring my daughter, now I bring my
granddaughter'."

The sons of the entertainer  James Elliott, who worked under the stage name Gene
Patton, the Chuckles came to prominence in 1967, when they won TV talent show
Opportunity Knocks.

But it wasn't until two decades later, with their long-  running series
ChuckleVision, that the duo became famous.

The show finished in 2009, after 21 series, though you'll spot Barry back on TV
screens this autumn.

He'll be in the comedy series Still Open All Hours - in which he made a cameo
last Christmas - and which could also include a role for Paul.

The brothers are also putting together a new pilot for TV, The Adventures Of The
Chuckle Brothers.

"People sometimes think 'The Chuckle Brothers, they're for kids'," said Barry.

"But we get grannies and grandads in as well - they know what to expect now."

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Promo photo for The Chuckle Brothers 2014 Space Oddity
News for Ian Midgley - 19-10-11 The Chuckle Brothers Paul Elliott, left and
Barry Elliott at Hull City Hall for the launch of the pantomime Cinderella at
Hull New Theatre. Picture: Peter Harbour
Prints of this picture can be ordered from
www.thisisphotosales.co.uk/hullandeastriding or telephone 08444 060 910
KEYWORDS:
BELOVED BROTHERS: The Chuckle Brothers, Barry, left, and Paul, are bring Space
Oddity, below left, to The Spa Bridlington.
TO ME, TO YOU: The Chuckle Brothers in ChuckleVision.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved

                              69 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            Derby Evening Telegraph

                                February 9, 2001

Kevin's light fantastic

SECTION: Showbiz: THEATRE, Pg.13

LENGTH: 343 words


KEVIN Baines' forthcoming performance at Derby Assembly Rooms could well place
even the exuberant Chuckle Brothers in the shade.

For Kevin and his wife, Daphne, from Little Eaton, are experts in ultraviolet
light speciality acts.

They have been asked to add a haunting element to a new show by The Chuckle
Brothers - Spooky Goings On.

"We are obviously really looking forward to touring with the brothers for many
reasons," explains Kevin. "First, it will be exactly 21 years since I last
appeared at the Assembly Rooms, as part of Tom O'Connor's touring show.

"Also, we will be performing at some of the biggest venues in the country -
including The Grand in Blackpool - over the seven-month run.

"We have never worked with Paul and Barry Chuckle before but we know it is going
to be great."

As part of their show, the Chuckle brothers will sort out some very silly ghosts
- many of which have been specially created by Kevin and Daphne.

Ultraviolet kettles, teapots and clocks will be seen to levitate across the
stage as the brothers are scarred witless.

But Kevin is possibly most proud of the 16 ostriches which will dance in a
chorus line.

"I can't tell you how we do it because that's a trade secret," he adds.
"Nonetheless, these ostriches will be seen to do the can-can across the stage.

"There will just be myself and Daphne controlling them whereas normally we would
have a few more people helping us.

So there will be plenty to keep us busy!

"The brothers have also asked us to do some acting in the show which we are
greatly looking forward to."

Kevin followed in the footsteps of his father, Ken, when he embarked on a
showbusiness career.

Over the years he has performed with some of the most popular entertainers in
showbusiness - including Charlie Drake, Bernie Winters, Ruth Madoc and Ken
Morley of Coronation Street fame.

- The Chuckle Brothers in Spooky Goings On, Derby Assembly Rooms, Market Place,
Derby Wednesday, February 21, 1pm and 4.30pm Tickets GBP 7.50 and GBP 8.50. Box
Office: 01332 255800.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Kevin and Daphne Baines with their fantastic ultra-violet creations.

                     Copyright 2001 Derby Evening Telegraph

                              70 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                           December 4, 2013 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

The cartoon is the thing for these siblings; The two Ottawa brothers have had
success with a comic strip dreamed up on a P.E.I. vacation

BYLINE: Peter Robb, Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: ARTS &; LIFE; Pg. C13

LENGTH: 876 words


Brian and Ron Boychuk are brothers in arms and cartoons. Brian is a violinist
with the National Arts Centre Orchestra and Ron is a golf course superintendent
in the Ottawa area. But together they produce the Chuckle Bros, a syndicated
cartoon strip that appears in 40 papers across North America, including The
Citizen. On Wednesday, Brian and Ron will release Return of the Chuckle Bros,
The Second Edition Collection, in the Fountain Room at the NAC at 3:30 p.m. We
thought this was an appropriate time to talk to them: What follows is an edited
transcript of an email interview between Ron Boychuk and the Citizen's Peter
Robb.

Who are the Boychuk brothers? We grew up the best of friends.

Even though we were four years apart (Brian is the elder), we played together
constantly. We invented crazy games, threw the Frisbee, baseball and football -
all the while pushing each other competitively, but always with an element of
fun. We both love vintage automobiles and we share a passion for golf.

When did you create your panel? The panel was created when Brian was on a family
vacation on Prince Edward Island in the summer of 2003. He was sitting in his
cabin, when he got the impulse to write down a funny thought. By the end of the
evening, he had written down 20 ideas. By the end of the vacation, he had over
120 ideas. When he got home, he called me up and asked if I wanted to try
creating a newspaper panel cartoon with him. By the end of the summer, we had
documented over 800 ideas.

Why did you create your panel? We (wanted to) help fill what we perceived to be
a gaping hole left with the retirement of Gary Larson's Far Side and Jim Unger's
Herman. They were heroes to us.

What is your panel about?

The panel has no set agenda, other than to make you chuckle. We mix the future
with the past, animals with humans and the mundane with the extraordinary.

Where does the name come from? The first part comes from combining the 'chuk'
part of our last name plus the fact that both of us were nicknamed 'Chuck'
throughout our high school years. The second half of the name has to do with the
fact that we are actually brothers. We didn't spell out brothers because there
is a comedy group in England called the Chuckle Brothers and second, we think it
looks better and feels more easy-going.

Where is it seen? We peaked a couple of years ago at about 60 papers in Canada
and the U.S. We have lost a few of those. Our primary syndicate is Torstar
Syndication Services. They signed us in 2006 and we ended up having one of the
most successful cartoon launches in their history. Shortly after, Torstar
partnered with Creators Syndicate in Los Angeles, who were given the rights to
market us in the U.S and internationally. You can also find our cartoon on our
website, chucklebros.com, creators. com/comics/chuckle-bros.html, and at
GoComics at gocomics.com/chucklebros.

How does it work between the brothers?

Brian is the idea guy and essentially the writer, while I actually draw the
cartoon. We meet at my place once a week and produce seven cartoons per session.
Brian usually starts off by throwing a rough idea out to me, to see if anything
sticks. If I show even the slightest inkling of interest, Brian usually bombards
me with every trick he can think of to convince me that the idea has merit. On
occasion, I'll just start writing the idea down. In at least half the cases, I
will shake my head in silent quasi-disapproval and an often-painful negotiation
will then begin. Sometimes, ideas will be tossed around for a long time and then
all of a sudden, it will trigger a humorous thought in a completely different
direction, or sometimes the idea will die a painful, ignominious death. As soon
as I have inked the cartoons, Brian takes the original art and scans it into the
computer, adds any necessary lettering and signage, adds the caption and the
credit lines and sends it in to our editor for final approval.

Are you still friends? Yes, we are still friends but our relationship has
definitely changed. This is a business and, like any family business, it can
have its pitfalls. I find that Brian has had to work harder to make me smile.
But, on the positive side, I feel it has kept our cartoon at the consistently
high level of humour that we first set out to achieve.

Tell me about the new book.

This new book is very important to us, not only as a milestone in the
celebration of our 10th Anniversary of the conception of Chuckle Bros, but more
importantly, as our opportunity to show the world the real Chuckle Bros, as we
always intended our feature to be - just me and my brother. We started out as a
trio - my brother and me and an artist named Ronnie Martin. In fact, our first
book contained all the artwork of our previous artist. This book contains only
my artwork. In fact, the opening cartoon in this book is - appropriately - the
very first cartoon that I drew as the official artist of the new Chuckle Bros.

Who is publishing the book? We are self-publishing through Volumes Publishing,
based in Kitchener-Waterloo. For the moment, the book will be available only
through our website at www.chucklebros.com and at
volumesdirect.com/detail.aspx?ID=5292. We hope to make it available through
major bookstores nationwide in the future.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / Brian, left, is the 'idea guy and writer' and Ron Boychuk the artist
behind the Chuckle Bros cartoons;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2013 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved

                              71 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                               Lincolnshire Echo

                             March 3, 2011 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Madcap mayhem you have to see to believe;
the main event: The Chuckle Brothers

BYLINE: Patrick Astill

SECTION: WHATS ON;FEATURES; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 448 words


BARRY Chuckle's day sounded Idyllic - and far removed from the madcap mayhem we
love him for on stage.

He chatted while sitting on a bench looking out to sea at the resort of
Scarborough as he took a breather between rehearsals for a new show, Barry Potty
And His Full Blood Brother Paul In The Ghostly Shadows, playing at Lincoln
Performing Arts Centre (LPAC) for two shows this Saturday.

The title's a bit of a mouthful, but reflects the work and thought that goes
into each Chuckle Brothers stage production.

There have been many over the past 30 years or so, and as well as panto, the
duo, best-known for Chucklevision on the BBC, perform their own comic versions
of the latest popular films.

"We write them ourselves and come up with the ideas. If there's something we
know is popular we'll work it in," says Barry. "There's a lot more magic in this
show, and illusions with Safire, who tour with us. We go to Pigspots School
instead of Hogwarts, and go there to learn some magic."

There's a villain, of course, played by Gerroutofit! (a third brother, Brian
Patton) who tries to take over the school. "No Slacking" (the fourth Chuckle
Brother, Jimmy Patton) is also part of the mix, and both of them are sure to get
the kids - and bigger kids - in the audience playing their part too.

The Chuckles are big on audience participation, and make sure everyone feels
part of the show. After all, they've been doing it for more than 40 years (Jimmy
and Brian almost 60), first at holiday camps and then on TV, winning Opportunity
Knocks in 1967 and New Faces in 1974.

When pushed on his favourite routine, Barry reveals: "It's the one where I want
to be a popstar and end up standing on a chair swinging the braces between my
legs ..." You have to see it to believe it - as Barry ends up wearing very
little indeed, apart from a wig and a pair of oversized pants!

"Where we do that it always goes down well. There's a carrot-in-a-box routine we
also enjoy, which grew into a cucumber routine!" It is what it sounds like - and
perhaps best not to ask! They work many set-pieces into their shows, including a
sand dance, songs and games - and some slapstick fun.

Their audiences vary from kids to students, their parents and the older
generation.

Barry says: "It's across the board really. We get pensioners coming in on their
own when their kids have grown up!

"We pack them in up to about the age of 14 then they go off us for a couple of
years, then they come back when they are 18 or 19.

"We target the show at everyone. We put in some gags for the adults."

In the know...

WHERE: Lincoln Performing Arts Centre.

WHEN: Saturday at2.30pm and 5.30pm.

TICKETS: £13.50 (£12.50 concessions). BOOKING: 0844 8884414.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A SHOW FOR EVERYONE: The Chuckle Brothers are to perform Barry Potty
And His Full Blood Brother Paul In The Ghostly Shadows at Lincoln Performing
Arts Centre.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LIE


                        Copyright 2011 Lincolnshire Echo
                              All Rights Reserved

                              72 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                            April 17, 2013 Wednesday

Fantastic family shows

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 301 words


Ted Doan Stockport Plaza

SPRING is the season of rebirth and growth so why not give your little lambs a
memorable visit to their local Plaza Super Cinema and Variety Theatre to enjoy a
fantastic family day out with some of the biggest stars of children's
television.

This Saturday, April 20 at 2pm the hilarious Chuckle Brothers explode on to the
stage in their new adventure, The Chuckle Brothers meet The Phantom!, where a
theatre manager is in trouble because a ghostly presence is scaring all the
people away.

In fact things have got so bad that he is having to sell everything off in order
to pay the rent and he knows an empty stage is never any good for attracting
shows.

He calls Paul and Barry for help and asks: Have you got any ideas? Of course
they have because they are The Chuckle Brothers, although things might not
exactly go to plan...

Will the ghostly phantom allow the boys to put a show on? Don't miss this
rip-roaring comedy starring the country's favourites with full supporting cast.
Songs, slapstick, spectacular magic, puppets and fun for all the family.

As well as the wonderful Chuckle Brothers it's countdown to Chris and Pui from
Show Me Show Me live returning to the Plaza and appearing on stage on Saturday,
May 4 at 11am and 2pm.

CBeebies' favourite double act is bringing songs, rhymes, comedy sketches and
lots

of joining in for all the

family.

See Old MacDonald, Incy, Humpty, the Duke of York, King Cole and oh my woolly
word! Little Bo Peep plusmany other of your favourite characters live on stage.

You are invited to bring your teddies or favourite character toys but please
hang on to them!

Tickets for both of these fantastic family shows can be booked in person at the
Plaza box office, online via the website www.stockportplaza.co.uk or call our
booking line today on 477 7779.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: favourites Chris and Pui, from Cbeebies above

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              73 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                            April 17, 2013 Wednesday

Fantastic family shows

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 301 words


Ted Doan Stockport Plaza

SPRING is the season of rebirth and growth so why not give your little lambs a
memorable visit to their local Plaza Super Cinema and Variety Theatre to enjoy a
fantastic family day out with some of the biggest stars of children's
television.

This Saturday, April 20 at 2pm the hilarious Chuckle Brothers explode on to the
stage in their new adventure, The Chuckle Brothers meet The Phantom!, where a
theatre manager is in trouble because a ghostly presence is scaring all the
people away.

In fact things have got so bad that he is having to sell everything off in order
to pay the rent and he knows an empty stage is never any good for attracting
shows.

He calls Paul and Barry for help and asks: Have you got any ideas? Of course
they have because they are The Chuckle Brothers, although things might not
exactly go to plan...

Will the ghostly phantom allow the boys to put a show on? Don't miss this
rip-roaring comedy starring the country's favourites with full supporting cast.
Songs, slapstick, spectacular magic, puppets and fun for all the family.

As well as the wonderful Chuckle Brothers it's countdown to Chris and Pui from
Show Me Show Me live returning to the Plaza and appearing on stage on Saturday,
May 4 at 11am and 2pm.

CBeebies' favourite double act is bringing songs, rhymes, comedy sketches and
lots

of joining in for all the

family.

See Old MacDonald, Incy, Humpty, the Duke of York, King Cole and oh my woolly
word! Little Bo Peep plusmany other of your favourite characters live on stage.

You are invited to bring your teddies or favourite character toys but please
hang on to them!

Tickets for both of these fantastic family shows can be booked in person at the
Plaza box office, online via the website www.stockportplaza.co.uk or call our
booking line today on 477 7779.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: favourites Chris and Pui, from Cbeebies above

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              74 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                              Liverpool Daily Echo

                            September 8, 2008 Monday
                                  1ST Edition

Treasure of a prize;
ECHO Time Off

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 198 words


HIGH jinks and hilarity follow the Chuckle Brothers wherever they go, and in
this brand new adventure Paul and Barry find themselves in Morrocco in search of
an old treasure map.

True to form, though, nothing runs smoothly and our hapless heroes discover that
the map is currently being used as a table cloth in a restaurant!

Undeterred the Chuckles get the job of running the restaurant where the map is
thought to be, and much merriment, mayhem and madness ensues.

Eventually our daring duo seize the map and set off on mission to find the
treasure, while being pursued by mummies, a gorilla and an over friendly
elephant.

Liberation Entertainment will release The Chuckle Brothers In 'Indiana Chuckles
And The Kingdom Of The Mythical Sulk' on September 22.

But Time Off has braved the booby traps to ensnare eight DVDs for you to win.

Just tell us the first names of The Chuckle Brothers.

Send your answers, together with your name and address by September 15, to: Time
Off/Chuckle Brothers Competition, c/o Janet Tansley, Liverpool ECHO, PO Box 48,
Old Hall Street, Liverpool L69 3EB.

The first eight correct entries out of the hat will win. Usual ECHO competition
rules apply.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 The Liverpool Daily Post & Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              75 of 500 DOCUMENTS

               UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Local London

                                 April 5, 2002

Chucklesome duo abroad.

SECTION: News; Whatson

LENGTH: 171 words



The dynamic duo of children's comedy are back. Paul and Barry, better known as
the Chuckle Brothers, are on the road with their new show Raiders Of The Lost
Bark.

However the road they are on is the one which leads to both Egypt and comic
disaster.

Paul and Barry could soon be rich, as they have been left a priceless statue of
a dog by a distant relative. The only problem is they have to go to Egypt to
find it.

Neither Paul or Barry can claim to be the new Indiana Jones and in true Chuckle
Brothers style, everything goes wrong! Raiders Of The Lost Bark is on for one
night only on April 7 at Richmond Theatre.

If you fancy something more educational then children's entry to the Kew Bridge
Steam Museum is free until April 15. This includes all the museum's attractions,
including the new site trail, Children's Challenges and the Water For Life
gallery with its hands-on activities.

For more information on either the Chuckle Brothers or Kew Bridge Steam Museum
see the listings.

April 5, 2002 12:00

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2002 NewsQuest Media Group Limited

                              76 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                       EVENING CHRONICLE (Newcastle, UK)

                       April 22, 2003, Tuesday Edition 1

Have a chuckle

BYLINE: By The Evening Chronicle

SECTION: ENTS THEATRE ARTS, Pg. 23

LENGTH: 221 words


   The ever-popular Chuckle Brothers are at Newcastle Opera House tomorrow in
their latest show, Star Doors.

It was back in 1987 that Chucklevision came to our screens and to prove how
popular it was, all 15 series have just been re-commissioned.

Although it is transmitted during children's viewing hours, the lads aim the
humour and storylines at everyone, from two to 92-year-olds. The show regularly
pulls in more than three million viewers and is screened 30 weeks a year.

In 1996, the Chuckle Brothers hit the road with their tour Live , attracting
capacity audiences.

Paul and Barry Chuckle have since continued with this non-stop schedule,
travelling the length and breadth of the country with their unique brand of
humour.

You may have caught them a couple of weeks ago getting their hair trimmed for
the tour on the hit Channel 4 reality TV series The Salon.

Their latest show, Star Doors, promises to be an "inter-galactic fight between
good and evil... and misunderstanding".

Bring the whole family to see Paul and Barry in their new adventure packed full
of fun, laughter, music and silliness.

* The Chuckle Brothers are at Newcastle Opera House tomorrow with shows at
1.30pm and 4.30pm. Tickets are 6.50 for children, adults 7.50 and 25 for a
family [two adults and two children].

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2003 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd

                              77 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                          Weston and Somerset Mercury

                            April 19, 2012 Thursday

SECTION: LEIS

LENGTH: 368 words


A MADCAP duo will entertain adults and kids alike when they take to the stage in
Weston next month.

The Chuckle Brothers, also known as Paul and Barry, will present Return of the
Pirates of the River Rother 2 in Stranger Tights on May 6.



This zany adventure follows Paul and Barry as they visit a theme park for the
day and decide to brave going on one of the daring water rides.

Once inside, they are leaning on a wall when they accidentally fall through and
find themselves magically transported back in time in to a world of pirates and
sunken treasures.

Paul and Barry Chuckle are real-life brothers and are the youngest in a showbiz
family of eight.

They have worked in practically every field of entertainment from pantomime,
summer season, clubs, cabaret, television, touring revues, circus and even an
ice show.

They got their big break in 1985, recording The Chucklehounds, a pre-school show
for the BBC.

Two years later, Chucklevision first aired on the nations screens and has been
entertaining young television viewers ever since.

In addition to their television work, The Chuckle Brothers have performed many
stage show tours entertaining thousands, if not millions, of children along the
way.

Recent shows have included Doctor What and The Return Of The Garlics, Indiana
Chuckles and the Kingdom Of The Mythical Sulk and ChuckleTrek the Lost
Generation.

Magic, mystery and mayhem are guaranteed, as the well-loved brothers set out on
a pirate adventure full of fun and laughter for all the family.

There will be performances at  2pm and 5pm. Tickets, priced £14 or £52 for a
family ticket, are available on 01934 645544 or online at www.theplayhouse.co.uk


n The Mercury has teamed up with The Playhouse to offer two lucky readers the
chance to win a family ticket to the show.

To enter answer the following question by 9am on April 27: What are the Chuckle
Brothers' first names?

Send your answer, along with your name and daytime telephone number to: Chuckle
Brothers Competition, Weston,  Worle and Somerset Mercury, 32  Waterloo Street,
Weston-super-Mare, BS23 1LW. Alternatively, log on to   www.westonmercury.co.uk
to enter.

Usual Archant competition rules apply and the editor's decision is  final.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WSM


                    Copyright 2012 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              78 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                     Belfast News Letter (Northern Ireland)

                             June 13, 2003, Friday

INTERVIEW: PLENTY OF CHUCKLES PROMISED AS BROTHERS BRING SCI-FI CAPER;
  BY GARY GILLILAND

SECTION: THE GUIDE; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 346 words

HIGHLIGHT: DOUBLE ACT: Chuckle Brothers Paul and Barry are at the Waterfront
Hall tomorrow; ELVIS EVENING: a tribute to The King at the Devenish
Entertainment Complex, on June 14


THEY are known to millions, both young and old, for their comic capers on BBC
One, but now fans will be able to catch The Chuckle Brothers live when their
tour pulls into the Province tomorrow.

The duo's Star Doors - the Chuckles Strike Back, is intergalactic fun involving
a fight between good and evil and a misunderstanding. It is a parody of many
popular sci-fi programmes and films, such as Star Wars and Star Trek, but
Belfast is one place where Chuckles have boldly gone before.

"We've been to the Waterfront twice before," says Barry Chuckle, "It was a good
success. It's been about three or four years since so we told them we'd like to
go again.

"Each year we've done a skit on what's popular at the time. Last year we did
Raiders of the Lost Bark and there's been a lot of sci-fi films this year. Next
year it's Barry Potty. The theme is what is in vogue at the time."

The show promises to be family-orientated, interactive fun, so it is perhaps
appropriate that the Chuckles have some of their other siblings involved in the
production.

"It's like pantomime but with it's own theme. Our older brothers, the Patton
Brothers, are touring with us playing characters," says Barry.

The Chuckle brothers, real name Elliott, are the youngest in a showbiz family of
eight. They started entertaining from an early age, putting on shows for friends
and neighbours in the back garden of their home in Rotherham, south Yorkshire.

They have worked in many fields of entertainment including pantomime, summer
season, cabaret and circus. Their TV show Chucklevision has been running for a
dozen series.

With this sort of experience, they can feed off each other on stage, leading to
spontaneity and an ever-evolving show on tour.

"We enjoy it so much. In Star Doors, it started in February and ends in
mid-June, it's like a completely different show. It changes, and that keeps it
fresh.

"Having brothers there, we bounce off each other, we're on the same wavelength,"
says Barry.

n Contact Waterfront Hall on 028 90334455 for details

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Century Newspapers Limited

                              79 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                              DAILY MAIL (London)

                            February 4, 2014 Tuesday

DLT WAS A JOLLY NICE CHAP, SAY THE CHUCKLE BROTHERS

BYLINE: BY ARTHUR MARTIN

LENGTH: 398 words


THEY arrived at court together sporting broad grins. But for once the Chuckle
Brothers had to be separated so they could give evidence independently in
support of Dave Lee Travis.

Speaking in broad Yorkshire accents, Barry and Paul Elliott - best known for
their BBC children's show ChuckleVision - dismissed allegations that the former
Radio 1 DJ molested a female stage hand at a pantomime in the early 1990s.

The comedy duo also denied the suggestion that there was a policy of keeping
Travis, 68, away from female cast and crew members because of his reputation
with women.

Earlier in the trial, the Chuckle Brothers were said to have disturbed Travis as
he groped a 21-year-old woman in his dressing room at a theatre in Crawley, West
Sussex, during a six-week production of Aladdin.

Yesterday they told Southwark Crown Court they could not remember the alleged
attack and said they would have been informed if it had taken place.

In the panto the Chuckle Brothers played the Chinese policemen while Travis was
evil wizard Abanazar.

In the witness box Barry, 69, called Travis just a jolly nice chap to work
with'. He said: He was very nice. We did two pantos with him. He was fine. He
was great. I mean everybody seemed to get on. He was just like everybody else -
we used to play cards together sometimes.'

Asked if he remembered Travis ever struggling' with a young woman in his
dressing room, Barry said: I don't remember that.

If it was something serious we probably would, but I don't remember anything
like that at all.'

His brother Paul, 66, was asked by defence barrister Stephen Vullo if he
recalled any inappropriate behaviour by the former Radio 1 star.

He replied: No sorry, I don't. It is a complete surprise to me. He was very
professional. He seemed to go home straight away after the show every night and
that was it.' Paul said he had never heard about a formal or informal policy of
keeping women away from Travis at the pantomime.

I think I would remember,' he told the court. Nobody told us about it if there
was.'

Another witness, former senior BBC producer David Tate, told the court he had
never heard of any complaint about Travis's behaviour over the 30 years he
worked with the DJ.

Travis, of Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, who is being tried under his real name of
Dave Griffin, denies 13 counts of indecent assault and one of sexual assault.

The trial continues.

© Daily Mail

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2014 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              80 of 500 DOCUMENTS

               UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Local London

                                  May 2, 2002

Brothers both mummy's boys.

SECTION: News; Features

LENGTH: 202 words


image large="585813.vii.af.jpg" small="585813.vii.at.jpg"image

Those infamous funny guys and stars of "http:/ /www.bbc.co.uk" BBC television,
The Chuckle Brothers, Paul and Barry make a welcome return to the Harlequin
Theatre, Redhill for two performances of their brand new show Raiders of Lost
Bark on Monday, May 6 at 2pm and 5pm.

Raiders of The Lost Bark follows the antics and escapades of The Chuckle
Brothers as they travel to Egypt to find an old statue of a dog which was left
to them by a long and distant relative.

As the boys go through a new adventure raiding tombs and being chased by a mummy
they finally think they've found the statue!

Unbeknown to them the evil Fez Cooper (keeper of the magic book) has the idea of
stealing it for himself.

The hilarious exploits that follow Paul and Barry will have the audience in fits
of laughter throughout the show, as the irrepressible duo scramble around for
clues to enable them to locate the LostBark!

Don't miss this great new Chuckle Brothers adventure.  Fun and laughter for all
the family even mummies!  Tickets are on sale now from the box office 01737
765547 priced GBP 8 for adults and GBP 6 for children.

May 1, 2002 16:00

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2002 NewsQuest Media Group Limited

                              81 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                THE BRISTOL POST

                                 April 18, 2001

Converted to Chuckles;
 REVIEW

BYLINE: GERRY PARKER

SECTION: News, Pg.6

LENGTH: 219 words


The Chuckle Brothers: Bristol Hippodrome

WHEN the two youngest members of my family informed me they wanted to see the
Chuckle Brothers, I have to admit that I was not keen on the idea.

I had seen just snippets of their TV series and was not impressed and couldn't
see the attraction.

Having now sampled their full stage show I am completely conver ted. They are a
pair of hardworking comedians who know what will appeal to a wide age range of
youngsters from the very young to near teenagers.

It may surprise some people to find that it's a mix of traditional-style panto
routines, word games and good old-fashion slapstick that kept this capacity
house bubbling with laughter and excitement.

There's a dash of music thrown in for good measure and a couple of expertly
performed scenes featuring ultra-violet-lit puppets.

The Brothers know exactly how long such entertainment will hold this sort of
audience's attention and two hours including an interval proved to be perfect
timing.

When the curtain fell much of the audience made a dash for the exits.

Not because they had enough but in order to be first in the queue to meet the
Chuckle Brothers in the foyer and have them sign their souvenirs of a show which
had fully delivered what it had promised.

Star rating: 4/5

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                      Copyright 2001 Bristol United Press

                              82 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                           December 21, 2006 Thursday

Festive parts are a chuckle each night

SECTION: Pg. 21

LENGTH: 340 words


Dancers from a city academy are wowing audiences in the hit pantomime
Cinderella.

Youngsters from the Pamela Gray Dance Academy have been selected to play parts
in the show, which stars the Chuckle Brothers.

The pantomime, which started on December 14, is the most successful show staged
at Hull New Theatre, with advanced ticket sales of £500,000.

More than 39,000 tickets have been sold, almost as many as the number of people
who saw last year's Dick Whittington, which starred Cannon and Ball.

Sixteen dancers from the academy, aged between eight  and 10, are appearing in
the latest pantomime.

It is the third time dancers from the academy have been chosen to play the
pantomime babes.

Two groups of eight dancers alternate performing each night.

Paula Gray, who runs the academy in Anlaby Road, west Hull, said: "It is very
satisfying for me because playing parts gives the children an insight into how
professional companies operate and it gives them experience.

"I am really proud of them."

One of the dancers from the academy has been in the past three productions at
the theatre.

Sophie West, eight, played Molly in Annie, followed by one of the street urchins
in A Christmas Carol and is now appearing with her fellow dancers with the
Chuckle brothers. Mrs Gray said: "They  perform bit parts in the show and have a
dance routine to do to Grease Lightning.

"They love the Chuckle Brothers. But because it is a professional production,
they have to behave - and they do."

The academy often provides students for shows in Hull.

It holds classes in ballet, tap, modern, jazz, musical theatre and adult tap for
both beginners and improvers.

Many former pupils have gone on to dance at the Royal Ballet in London.

The youngsters in Cinderella spent two weeks rehearsing with the cast before the
show started.

Mrs Gray said: "The audience loved it on the opening night.

"Everyone found it very funny. The Chuckle Brothers havea pull."

k.knass@hdmp.co.uk

Links

Pamela Gray Dance Academy

www.pamelagray.co.uk

Chuckle Brothers

www.thechucklebrothersontour.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved

                              83 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                 Weston Midweek

                            April 25, 2012 Wednesday

Win tickets to see the Chuckle Brothers

SECTION: LEIS

LENGTH: 278 words


A MADCAP duo will entertain adults and kids alike when they take to the stage in
Weston next month.

The Chuckle Brothers, also known as Paul and Barry, will present Return of the
Pirates of the River Rother 2 in Stranger Tights on May 6.



This zany adventure follows Paul and Barry as they visit a theme park for the
day and decide to brave going on one of the  daring water rides.

Once inside, they are leaning on a wall when they accidentally fall through and
find themselves magically transported back in time in to a world of pirates and
sunken treasures.

Paul and Barry Chuckle are real-life  brothers and are the youngest in a showbiz
family of eight.

They have worked in practically every field of entertainment from pantomime,
summer season, clubs, cabaret, television, touring revues, circus and even an
ice  show.

They got their big break in 1985, recording The Chucklehounds, a pre-school show
for the BBC.

Two years later, Chucklevision first aired on the nations screens and has been
entertaining young television viewers ever since.

In addition to their television work, The Chuckle Brothers have performed many
stage show tours entertaining thousands, if not millions, of children along the
way.

Recent shows have included Doctor What and The Return Of The Garlics, Indiana
Chuckles and the Kingdom Of The Mythical Sulk and ChuckleTrek the Lost
Generation.

Magic, mystery and mayhem are guaranteed, as the well-loved brothers set out on
a pirate adventure full of fun and laughter for all the family.

There will be performances at  2pm and 5pm. Tickets, priced £14 or £52 for a
family ticket, are available on 01934 645544 or online at www.theplayhouse.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WAD


                    Copyright 2012 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              84 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                               Grimsby Telegraph

                              June 9, 2009 Tuesday

An adventure that is out of this world for the chuckle brothers

SECTION: Pg. 24

LENGTH: 217 words


Are you ready to boldly go where no-one has gone... for a while?

Children's TV favourites The Chuckle Brothers are returning to Grimsby
Auditorium to thrill young fans in their latest adventure - Chuckle Trek.

And we have two pairs of tickets to give away to lucky readers.

Sharon Daulton, the Auditorium's marketing manager, said: "Paul and Barry set
off on a new adventure and this time find themselves hurtling through space.

"Captain James T Burke needs to recruit a crew to go on board the USS Exercise,
as they must save the Earth from being taken over by a nation of rogue robots.

"The alien robot colony has waged war on our world and must be stopped at all
costs.

"Can Earth be saved from this new threat to our planet?

"Are the Chuckle Brothers the intrepid duo who can do this? Of course they are."

To be in with a chance of winning a pair of tickets to the show, which is on
Saturday,  at 2pm, simply answer the following question: How are Paul and Barry
related?

Send your answer, name, full postal address and daytime telephone number to: The
Chuckle Brothers Competition, c/o Newsdesk, Grimsby Telegraph, 80 Cleethorpe
Road, Grimsby, DN31 3EH, no later than Friday.

Book now

Tickets cost £12.50. Book by calling the Auditorium box office on 0844 847 2426
or visit http://www.grimsbyauditorium.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 85


                    Copyright 2009 Grimsby Evening Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved

                              85 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                               Grimsby Telegraph

                              June 9, 2009 Tuesday

An adventure that is out of this world for the chuckle brothers

SECTION: Pg. 24

LENGTH: 217 words


Are you ready to boldly go where no-one has gone... for a while?

Children's TV favourites The Chuckle Brothers are returning to Grimsby
Auditorium to thrill young fans in their latest adventure - Chuckle Trek.

And we have two pairs of tickets to give away to lucky readers.

Sharon Daulton, the Auditorium's marketing manager, said: "Paul and Barry set
off on a new adventure and this time find themselves hurtling through space.

"Captain James T Burke needs to recruit a crew to go on board the USS Exercise,
as they must save the Earth from being taken over by a nation of rogue robots.

"The alien robot colony has waged war on our world and must be stopped at all
costs.

"Can Earth be saved from this new threat to our planet?

"Are the Chuckle Brothers the intrepid duo who can do this? Of course they are."

To be in with a chance of winning a pair of tickets to the show, which is on
Saturday,  at 2pm, simply answer the following question: How are Paul and Barry
related?

Send your answer, name, full postal address and daytime telephone number to: The
Chuckle Brothers Competition, c/o Newsdesk, Grimsby Telegraph, 80 Cleethorpe
Road, Grimsby, DN31 3EH, no later than Friday.

Book now

Tickets cost £12.50. Book by calling the Auditorium box office on 0844 847 2426
or visit http://www.grimsbyauditorium.org.uk

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 85


                    Copyright 2009 Grimsby Evening Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved

                              86 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                              Western Daily Press

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday

The Chuckle Brothers had no suspicions

BYLINE: By Helen William; wdnews@b-nm.co.uk

SECTION: NEWS:OTHER; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 698  words


One of The Chuckle Brothers said it has been a "complete shock" to hear claims
that DJ Dave Lee Travis had indecently assaulted a stagehand in a pantomime they
all starred in.

The comedy duo - real names Paul and Barry Elliott - shared the bill alongside
Travis in Aladdin in 1990 where the alleged incident is said to have happened,
London's Southwark Crown Court heard.

Travis, 69, who is charged under his real name David Griffin, denies two counts
of indecent assault and one of sexual assault.

Paul Elliott told the jury that he never heard claims that Travis had been
inappropriate with anyone.

He said: "Never at all, the first that I heard about it was in the newspapers
and it was a complete shock."

He also dismissed suggestions that female staff had to be chaperoned and told
not to go to Travis' room, saying: "Never saw anything like that. We were
sharing the bill and we would have been told of anything that was going on."

One of Travis' alleged victims claims the former Radio 1 and Top of the Popshost
was interrupted by the Chuckle Brothers during the alleged assault, the
prosecution has claimed.

Stephen Vullo QC defending asked if he had seen a stagehand come out of Travis'
room.

Paul Elliott replied: "I certainly do not recall anything untoward from anyone
coming out of his room. I never saw anything or had any suspicions."

Asked if there had been a policy for women not to go to Travis' room, Barry
Elliott said: "No and if there had, it is something I would remember."

He stated that Travis, who was playing the baddie Abanazar in the panto, "seemed
to get on with everybody".

The Chuckle Brothers were appearing as the good policemen.

Travis is facing a retrial on two counts - one of indecent assault of a woman
between November 1 1990 and January 31 1991, and another of sexual assault on a
different woman between June 1 2008 and November 30 2008 - on which a jury was
unable to reach verdicts at a trial earlier this year.

Travis, of Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, has also pleaded not guilty to an
additional count of indecent assault alleged to have taken place on January 17
1995.

Earlier, Dee Dee Wilde, a member of Pan's People, the all-girl dance troupe on
Top of the Pops, told the jury that Travis was a professional ''lovable big bear
of a man" but sexual predator Jimmy Savile was ''a rather nasty man".

As a Radio 1 DJ up to 1993, Travis was a regular Top of the Pops host and a
contemporary of Savile.

Ms Wilde said the dancers attracted a lot of male attention and even suffered
bruised bottoms after relentlessly being pinched on a trip to Madrid.

Mr Vullo asked:" From what you know of Mr Travis, did he fall in to the category
of a man who thought it was OK to pinch? "

Ms Wilde replied: "Absolutely not, in fact you felt safe with Dave."

In contrast when recalling Savile, she said: "I felt totally uncomfortable in
the presence of Jimmy Savile and so did the other girls as well. He used to come
up to you too close but you had to work with him because he did a lot of the
shows."

Ms Wilde, who set up Pan's People which ran from 1968 to 1976, told the jury
that back in those days the dancers sometimes put up with the odd "very
flirtatious" man who thought they could "try it on and so would try  it on".

Having your bottom pinched was "just the norm - it happened all the time," she
recalled.

She told the jury: "I remember we went to Madrid and had a police escort and by
the time we reached the stage our bottoms were black and blue because the police
were pinching them all the time. It was a different time to now. It was
different things that seemed acceptable."

Ms Wilde said of Travis: "I liked him tremendously. He was a lovely man and a
great guy and very funny as well. I did not see him do anything inappropriate in
all the years I have known Dave."

Asked if she had seen him do anything sleazy, Ms Wilde added: "If that had been
the case he would not have been my friend."

Gaynor Burton, who played the Princess in the pantomime of Aladdin where one of
the alleged assaults was said to have taken place, said she was not aware of any
complaint about Travis and had not been told to avoid his dressing room.

Travis denies the charges. The case continues.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved

                              87 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                 Llanelli Star

                                  May 25, 2000

A chuckle at the Grand

SECTION: MEDIA; STAR LEISURE; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 261 words


Chuckling children have packed out Swansea Grand Theatre to watch the antics
television's troublesome two. Paul and Barrie were back in madcap mode to
perform their new show The New Adventures of the Chuckle Brothers. The silly
siblings are as popular as ever with young theatre-goers, judging by the
audience figures.

This year's show offered more music than the last with the welcome return of
Bonnie, an all girl trio that entertained the crowds with favourites by
chart-topping bands such as Steps and B*Witched.

But the main attraction was the Chuckle Brothers, who took audience
participation to new levels as they ran around the audience covering kids and
parents with custard pies.

This part of the act, repeated from last year at the Swansea Grand, is now so
popular that the children actually queue up to get custard on their faces.

Plus there were songs and actions for the audience to take part in. The story
line was weak providing just a background for all the tricks to take place, but
the show was so busy that no one really noticed the lack of plot.

It is the slapstick humour that has made the Chuckle Brothers so famous - this
is what the audience wanted to see and this was what they got.

Also full marks to the pair allowing families to meet with them and get
autographs after the show. The youngsters were delighted and queues stretched
through the theatre as the children waited to meet the stars.

More children's entertainment is coming soon to the Grand with Rupert the Bear,
and the Phoenix and the Carpet.

Caption:

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                          Copyright 2000 Llanelli Star

                              88 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Evening Gazette

                             October 3, 2014 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Stage is set for Chuckles;
EVENTS

SECTION: WHATS ON;FEATURES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 275 words


HERE'S no place like the panto stage this season.

TAt least for comedy favourites The Chuckle Brothers who are bringing their own
brand of laughs to me and to you at Darlington Civic Theatre.

Paul and Barry will star in the Civic's annual seasonal spectacular The Chuckles
of Oz which starts its run on Saturday, December 6. The pair joined fellow cast
members at the theatre earlier this week to officially launch the panto. Joining
them on the yellow brick road will be Phil Corbitt as the Cowardly Lion, Adam
Booth as Scarecrow, Danny Potts as Tin Man and Beth Stobbart as Glinda the Good
Witch.

It marks a return to the panto stage for the Chuckles, Phil, Danny and Beth -
last year all five appeared in Aladdin where Beth, from Darlington, took the
part of the princess and Phil the baddie Abanazer.

"A traditional part of the festive season in Darlington, the Civic Theatre's
pantomime has become an annual unmissable event," said a theatre spokesman.

"This year join the Chuckle Brothers on the yellow brick road as we embark on a
fantastic family journey to Oz. Packed with all of the traditional pantomime
ingredients of comedy in abundance, stunning sets, beautiful costumes and of
course some ruby slippers!" Paul and Barry will star as the Wizards in what has
been billed as a new version of the much loved Wizard of Oz story. Audiences can
expect the usual mix of laugh out loud comedy, audience participation and
special 3D sequences that promise to offer a glimpse right into the Emerald
City.

THE CHUCKLES OF OZ Darlington Civic Theatre, Sat Dec 6 - Sun Jan 11, 2015.
Tickets from £18, Box Office 01325 486555 or visit www.darlingtoncivic.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Chuckles of Oz will be Darlington Civic Theatre's pantomime this
year. Pictured, from left, are Adam Booth the Scarecrow, Danny Potts the Tin
Man, Chuckle Brother Paul, Phil Corbitt the Cowardly Lion, Chuckle Brother Barry
and Beth Stobbart as the Good Witch KATIE LUNN 021014PANTO_13

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EGM


                    Copyright 2014 Gazette Media Company Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              89 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                           December 14, 2013 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

A family treat that is packed full of Chuckles

BYLINE: , Phil Lambell

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 55

LENGTH: 357 words


Aladdin at, Darlington Civic Theatre until January 12 LEAVE your serious face
behind you, get ready to shout "Hellooah" and revel in a full-on family treat
because the Chuckle Brothers don't stop until you're wiping away tears of
laughter. Aladdin is a joy. The "to me, to you" showbiz legends lead from the
front but there are highlights throughout this show with a strong starring cast
and talented support throughout.

There are some clever sets, a great live band, pyrotechnics, an elephant (of
which more later), a flying carpet, some twerking, and a striking giant puppet
genie.

The Chuckle Brothers deliver a series of sketches which appear at times to leave
even themselves helpless with laughter.

The one where Barry attempts to audition for the X Factor while Paul designs a
dress had me weeping.

And there can't be many acts who would have reached back to the 1930s and
shoehorned Wilson, Keppel and Betty's Egyptian Sand-dancer routine into a story
set in old Peking. Priceless.

Gary Amers makes Aladdin a proper North East mother's boy, desperate to win the
hand of Princess Jasmine. His performance is energetic and funny.

Darlington's own Beth Stobbart, in her first professional panto after shining on
this stage with Darlington OS, is delightful as Jasmine. It seems there's
nothing she can't sing.

When the Chuckle Brothers aren't on it's Philip Meeks, fast becoming a
Darlington favourite, who keeps the laughs coming as Widow Twankey.

He gives us a warm and funny dame and gets through uncountable costume changes.

There's even a Darlington footballthemed outfit including the Quakers bra: "Nee
cups, and nee support". Phil Corbitt as Abanazar supplies just the right amount
of evil as the villain of the piece.

There are some stand-out musical numbers, with Jessie J's Price Tag, which
closes the first half, being my favourite.

Stobbart and Amers give great vocal performances, the set is transformed into a
sumptuous sea of red and gold, the dancers lend a Vegas glamour. It's fabulous.

There's also a fair bit of slapstick. And the elephant? Well, if you're any
further forward than row K, you might want to duck. Enjoy.

Phil Lambell

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Chuckle Brothers in Aladdin at Darlington Civic Theatre

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2013 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              90 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            Derby Evening Telegraph

                                 April 7, 2000

Brothers' ring of confidence

BYLINE: The Late Peter Sellers Has Inspired Many Contemporary Comedians But The
Chuckle Brothers Have A Special Family Connection To The Pink Panther Star, As
Ben Rooth Discovered.

SECTION: Showbiz: COMEDY

LENGTH: 732 words


The New Adventures of The Chuckle Brothers

Derby Assembly Rooms, Saturday April 22, 2pm and 5.30pm. Tickets GBP 7.50 and
GBP 8.50. Box office: 01332 255800.

WHEN The Chuckle Brothers are seeking comedy inspiration it's Peter Sellers they
call to mind.

And Barry Chuckle has to look no further than the ring he wears to recall the
comedy legacy of the one -time Goon - because it was given to the family by
Sellers.

The late comedy genius worked with Barry's father, who was also an entertainer,
during the war and Sellers gave him the ring when they parted company.

"Dad's stage name was Gene Patton," explained Barry. "And he used to perform
gang show sketches with Peter during the war.

"The two of them originally intended to work together once the war ended but dad
was de-mobbed six months before Peter and they subsequently went their separate
ways.

"Peter gave dad a ring as a token of their friendship.

"It's now in my possession and I'm obviously very proud of it."

Real life brothers Paul and Barry Chuckle, real name Elliott, are the youngest
of a showbiz family of eight and they have spent their lives cracking jokes and
making people laugh.

They are well known to millions of daytime television viewers as the stars of
the television series Chucklevision and both lads always wanted to be in
showbusiness.

They began working together as soon as Paul left school in 1963 but it took more
than 20 years of hard work for them to be given the television show which
finally established their reputation.

"It was quite strange how it happened," Barry recalls. "We'd been asked to
accompany an excellent puppeteer on a six-month tour in 1984 but regularly found
ourselves performing to sparse audiences.

"After a performance in Manchester when there had only been 28 people in the
auditorium, we were approached by some men from the BBC.

"Our dad had always told us to perform as though we were in front of one
thousand regardless of the size of the audience and this ultimately paid off.

"They said that they'd been impressed with what they saw and they thought that
the show would convert well to television."

The rest is history - after initially recording 13 episodes of The Chucklehounds
for Children's TV in 1985, two years later the show was adapted into
Chucklevision and the series still runs today.

Their show regularly draws audiences of more than three million and has been
sold around the world.

Although it is transmitted during children's viewing hours, the humour and
story-lines aim to suit every age.

Barry believes that their universal appeal is a major reason why The Chuckle
Brothers continue to flourish.

"Since we began there are few fields of entertainment that we haven't worked in
and there is no substitute for this type of experience," Barry continues.

"In addition to the pantomimes, holiday camps and clubs we've also worked in
circuses and even in an ice show!

"Over the years we've learnt a great deal about the business and now realise
just how careful you have to be in managing your career.

"Something that is often forgotten about us is that we won on the original
series of New Faces back in 1974.

"We were subsequently bound contractually to appear in summer season and
couldn't do any of the TV work which we were immediately offered.

"While it was over 10 years before we were rediscovered, luckily everything
turned out well."

The Chuckle Brothers now divide their year into four parts - in December and
January they are usually found performing in a pantomime before they embark on
their spring tour.

This is soon followed by the summer season which is spent working at the major
seaside resorts before they round off the year filming the next instalments of
Chucklevision.

"When we appear at the Assembly Rooms, the show's theme will be based around a
holiday camp and both Paul and myself are new recruits," Barry adds. "We've both
recently been given a job there and to start with everything goes disastrously -
although things come good at the end.

"Along the way there are plenty of laughs and we'll be joined on stage by The
Patton Brothers and an all-girl pop group called Bonnie.

"It has been a real trip down memory lane devising the show because one of our
first jobs was as Butlin's Redcoats and we've been able to incorporate many of
our actual experiences into the show."

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: All in the family - joining The Chuckles on stage are their older
brothers Brian and Jimmy - stage name The Patton Brothers. The Chuckle Brothers
- really brothers but not really called Chuckle.

                     Copyright 2000 Derby Evening Telegraph

                              91 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                               December 12, 2002

Chuckling panto fun

SECTION: Features; Arts; Plays; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 372 words


"TO me, to you," - can these four words really be the basis on which the Regent
Theatre's entire panto success is built?  Well yes, because that's the trademark
phrase of those brothers in mindlessness, Paul and Barry Chuckle, known to
millions of children nationwide, several thousand of whom will be screaming from
the stalls and balconies of the Hanley venue for the next six weeks.

Complete with "real" flying carpet, Aladdin sees the duo, famed for their
Bafta-winning children's BBC comedy show, in their 35th consecutive pantomime.

They should, therefore, offer about as accomplished a Wishee and Washee as
you'll find in the business and guarantee the audience an awful lot of family
laughs for their money.

Paul and Barry Chuckle are real-life brothers, the youngest in a showbiz family
of eight, two of whom, known by their stage name as The Patton Brothers, are
also in the show. The Pattons play characters such as Mr No Slacking and Mr Get
Out Of It! in Chucklevision, but this is the first time all four of the
programme's regulars have appeared in the same pantomime.

In another twist, the Regent show is directed by a favourite of children's TV
from yesteryear, Blue Peter's Peter Purves.

The Chuckle Brothers have worked in practically every field of entertainment,
including pantomime, summer season, clubs, cabaret, television, circus and ice
shows.

They got their big break in 1985 with the BBC, recording a series with canine
characters The Chucklehounds for children's TV. Then in 1987, Chucklevision came
to our screens. Proving its long-lived popularity, the boys have just completed
filming its 15th series.

In that time, Paul and Barry have also produced a game show version of the
Chuckles called (guess what?) To Me, To You, as well as a stage show, Raiders Of
The Lost Bark, which came to the Victoria Hall back in June.

In fact, after the panto, The Chuckle Brothers return to The Regent in May in
another new show - Star Doors: The Chuckle Brothers Strike Back.

Aladdin promises stunning sets, lavish costumes, a magic lamp, powerful genies,
a beautiful princess and a Chinese laundry.

It is definitely looks THE place for chuckling this Christmas.

Caption:

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2002 The Sentinel (Stoke)

                              92 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                           December 13, 2005 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Anything for a Chuckle: Three comics lovers, including one NACO musician, go for
the laughs with a new book of cartoons, writes Nick Miliokas.

BYLINE: Nick Miliokas, The Regina Leader Post

SECTION: ARTS; Pg. D8

LENGTH: 686  words


It's been four decades since the comic-mad Boychuk brothers, self-described
class clowns, were growing up in Regina.

Brian is now a violinist with the National Arts Centre Orchestra, and Ron makes
his living in retail grocery management back home in Regina. What hasn't changed
is that they both still turn to the comic pages of the newspaper first.

And today, the brothers, along with Ottawa artist Ronnie Martin, launch a book
of their own comic creations, called On the Road. The trio, who call themselves
the Chuckle Bros, already have their quirky single-frame comics published in a
community newspaper and in the NAC Orchestra's newsletter. Now they're
shouldering their way onto retail bookshelves.

On the Road will be sold at the NAC box office and in independent book stores.
There's an undeniable irony in the title, in that they hope the comic is on the
road to syndication.

Their journey started when Brian and Ron, now 48 and 44 years old, respectively,
were growing up in Regina.

"I've always had a passion for cartoons," says Brian. "Ron's like that, too."
The Boychuk boys were faithful followers of Peanuts, written by Charles Schulz,
and laterof Bill Watterson's Calvin and Hobbes.

They were later reeled in by Jim Unger, creator of Herman, and in the 1990s by
Gary Larson and The Far Side.

Indeed, it was Larson's premature retirement in the mid-'90s that inspired the
Boychuk brothers to create the Chuckle Bros. Imitation being the sincerest form
of flattery, the Chuckle Bros. panels closely resemble Larson's work, to the
extent that they could be christened Son of Far Side.

"Not that we're comparing ourselves to Gary Larson," Brian says, "but our stuff
is based on Gary Larson, with a distinctive style and look that is our own. We
like to think of it as maniacally bizarre, yet really charming, humour."

The Boychuks have a preference for panels over strips, partly because "panels
take a lot more time to read," as Brian points out, but mostly because they have
a soft spot for punchlines and a talent for writing them, or so they've been
told.

"This might be true and it might not," Brian says, "but it seems to me that
panels might be a harder sell. Or maybe we were attracted to the immediacy of a
single panel, I don't know. Single panels tend to be more slapstick, and
slapstick suits our personalities."

The Boychuks, who have been close since their youth, formed a creative
partnership two years ago. Geography has not been an obstacle. They stay in
touch through daily telephone calls, and it was over the phone that the Chuckle
Bros. project was launched with an exchange of ideas when Brian and his family
were vacationing in the Maritimes and Ron was at home in Regina.

"It's like a lightbulb went on," Ron says. "We had 20 cartoons the first night
and I believe close to 120 by the end of the week."

Still, ideas are one thing, and drawings are quite another. The Boychuks readily
admit that "we cannot draw to save our lives."

That's where Martin, a transplanted Pennsylvanian who owns and operates a design
company in Ottawa, comes into the picture.

He takes the words and turns them into pictures. Martin has some creative
latitude, apparently, but "not much," the Boychuks explain, speaking together
and with conspiratorial but good-natured smiles.

"It's fun watching our words turn into pictures, but that's Ronnie's
responsibility," Ron says.

"Our job is to supply the ideas, and the key to the whole thing is bouncing
ideas off each other until they're do-able."

The next step, and it's a critical one, is to have the cartoon syndicated. The
Chuckle Bros. have been rejected by five major syndication services in the
United States.

But they have received encouragement from Canadian Lynn Johnston, creator of the
comic strip For Better or For Worse.

She spoke to Ron by telephone after they had sent samples of their work to her.
"We talked for about an hour!" he says. "She said, 'Your cartoons are definitely
worthy.' "

Johnston also suggested doing a self-published book.

On the Road will be launched at a reception with the authors today at the NAC
Fourth Stage, from 4:30 p.m. to 6 p.m.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Bryan Schlosser, The Regina Leader-Post; Ron, left, and Brian Boychuk
have been comics fans since their youth in Regina, and have finally published,
with colleague Ronnie Martin, the first book of their quirky, bizarre
single-frame cartoons. Brian is a violinist with the NAC Orchestra in Ottawa.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved

                              93 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                            Folkestone Herald Series

                            August 14, 2014 Thursday

'School designed by Chuckle Brothers'

BYLINE: Dean Kilpatrick dean.kilpatrick@KRNmedia.co.uk

SECTION: NEWS:POLITICS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 439  words


A PROPOSED new school, which was described as being "designed by the Chuckle
Brothers", has been unanimously opposed by Shepway District Council's
development control committee.

Councillors agreed not to support plans to build a new primary school for 210
children on Kent County Council-owned land at the end of Warren Way at a meeting
last Tuesday.

Concerns were raised about traffic levels and access, the loss of a playing
field, the design of the school and potential disruption to neighbouring homes.

In a passionate speech, Cllr Philip Martin said: "Having lived in Folkestone
over 60 years, this is the most ill-conceived idea I've seen. It's totally the
wrong place.

"Whenever you travel in Folkestone, you would find it very hard to find more
traffic in an area. We know it is a deprived area and we cannot afford to lose
this space. It really is time we listened to the public seriously about
objections."

The meeting opened with speeches from resident Steve Robinson and district
councillor Sue Wallace.

Their sentiments were echoed by Cllr Michael Lyons, who told the council
chamber: "I find the whole thing most bizarre.

"I drove down the area and I thought someone really was pulling wool over our
eyes and having a bit of a chuckle."

Cllr Clive Goddard said: "Cllr Lyons said the planners were having a bit of a
chuckle, well I think the Chuckle Brothers designed it.

"We have some excellent schools in the district, and I know some are academies,
but KCC could have followed in their footsteps."

Cllr Susan Carey, who is also a county councillor, voted in favour of the
objections but said there were few spaces where a "badly-needed" school could be
built.

Campaigners applauded and cheered in the public gallery when councillors agreed
to send a list of objections to KCC, which will make the final decision later
this year.

Lesley Hunt, who lives next to the proposed site, said: "It was pretty amazing.
I thought I could come out of this room really disappointed, but it cheered me
up a little bit and it's given me hope.

"We didn't realise there were so many people on our side."

Kevin Shovelton, Kent County Council director of education planning and access,
said: "There are immediate pressures for school places in the Folkestone East
area and in each of the next three to four years, there is a need for an extra
30 to 40 primary places for children starting school in East Folkestone.

"The county council owns the former school playing field site and believes this
to be the best solution. We will look very carefully at specific concerns raised
by Shepway District Council and seek to mitigate these wherever possible."

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: STILL HOPEFUL: Campaigners celebrate the committee's findings and want
KCC to scrap the plans
PLANS: The new school would be built on a playing field
TO ME, TO YOU: The Chuckle Brothers

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved

                              94 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                          Sunday Independent (Ireland)

                                 March 9, 2008

Final laugh-in for comics Ian and Martin

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; People

LENGTH: 336 words


The final curtain has fallen on one half of the 'Chuckle Brothers', leaving
McGuinness stranded, says Pat Fitzpatrick

It was the day the laughter died. Ian Paisley's announcement this week that he
is to step down as First Minister brings to an end his extraordinary career in
comedy. In the early years he was seen as a straight gags man, shouting out
hilarious one-liners about the Pope being crazy, before moving on to his surreal
period, which involved repeatedly shouting the words "No!", "Never!" and
"Traitor!" at large, outdoor gigs full ofgrinning Protestants.

One of his greatest legacies to the island's mirth has been his long-running
reality-sitcom called Let's All Follow the Doc. In this much-loved parody of
Ulster life, the big man formed his own church and political party, installed
himself as leader of both and persuaded large numbers of dour Protestants that
children's playgrounds should be closed on Sunday and that the Pope is the
Anti-Christ.

This came to a dramatic climax last May in an episode entitled "The Catholics
are Sound Out", when Mr Paisley left the show to form the "Chuckle Brothers"
with Art Garfunkel lookalike, Martin McGuinness. It is a mark of his comic
genius, that rather than recoil in angry embarrassment, the large group of dour
Protestants he had parodied for so long, continued to follow him and even
laughed at themselves for the first time.

Although it was considered risky working with the deadpan McGuinness, who had
enjoyed considerable success with his own side-splitting show called Go Back to
Scotland, critics agree that the Chuckle Brothers was the pinnacle of Smilin'
Ian's career.

Other leading comedians were quick to pay tribute to the man they used to call
the Grinning Bigot. Fresh from his one-man hit I Remember that Now, Bertie Ahern
gushed with praise for the comic giant. Meanwhile, former Chuckle Brother
McGuinness was heard to say "this isn't one bit funny, I'm finished in this
town. How am I supposed to get a laugh out of Peter Robinson?"

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              95 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Scottish Express

                           January 22, 2014 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

Chuckle Bros 'saved me from sex attack by DLT'

BYLINE: John Twomey

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 397 words


A WOMAN stagehand was saved by chance by the Chuckle Brothers as she was groped
by Dave Lee Travis, a jury heard.

The powerfully built DJ allegedly pinned the woman, who was in her 20s, against
the theatre dressing room door while he rubbed her between the legs.

The woman claimed she was just leaving his room when he came up behind her.

She told the jury: "He's a big chap and he engulfed me. He had his hand on the
door above me. He put his other hand down the front of my jogging bottoms.

"It felt like a long time but I think it was only a matter of moments before I
managed to get the door open."

She claimed that after opening the door slightly the comedy duo walked past and
one of them cried out: "All right, Dave."

The former Top Of The Pops presenter immediately pulled his hand away and
released the door, the court heard. The woman said she then ran to a nearby
office and told a male colleague. "I was confused, scared and in a state."

The court heard male colleagues escorted the female chorus line to the stage
because of Travis's reputation.

The alleged assault happened during a production of a pantomime in the 1990s.
The woman, who cannot be named, did not make a complaint. "I didn't think anyone
would believe me," she told London's Southwark Crown Court.

Stephen Vullo, defending, accused her of "making the story up." She replied: "I
haven't." He also claimed she changed her evidence after learning the Chuckle
Brothers - Paul and Barry Elliot - did not recall the incident.

In her police interview, she said one of the pair saw her and Travis when the
door opened. But she told the jury she heard the greeting to Travis before they
saw her and the DJ: "I'd never have expected them to know what had happened."

The jury also heard from an exdeputy carnival princess who claimed her sex life
was ruined after Travis groped her when she was 19 in 1973. A strict Catholic
she claimed the alleged assault during a tour of a hospital left her feeling
"ashamed and guilty". She claimed: "It spoilt my love life with my husband."

An ex-BBC worker also claimed Travis allegedly squeezed her bottom as she worked
on a Top of the Pops recording in the 1980s. Both women's allegations do not
relate to the charges.

Travis, 68, of Buckinghamshire, denies 13 indecent assault charges and one of
sexual assault relating to 10 women and girl, 15, from 1976 to 2008. The trial
continues.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Travis, centre, appeared in the pantomime with the Chuckle Brothers
Picture: NIGEL BOWLES/CONNORS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DXPscot


                       Copyright 2014 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              96 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                            November 17, 2006 Friday

Christmas starts with a chuckle

SECTION: Pg. 25

LENGTH: 242 words


They arrived in their thousands to watch as the winter gloom was blown away by
countless Christmas lights.

After a 10-second countdown, comedy duo the Chuckle Brothers and Lord Mayor
Trevor Larsen pushed the plunger to mark the start of the festive shopping
period.

And as the colourful display filled the city centre, a volley of fireworks
launched from the roof of Princes Quay shopping centre.

Families filled Queen Victoria Square to watch the display.

Soldier Karl Pope, 28, travelled from Leconfield Barracks, near Beverley, with
wife Annette, 25, and children, Jakob and Mollie, both three, Lilie, two, and
11-month-old Amy. He said: "It's a great display and the kids loved the
fireworks."

The Chuckle Brothers are in the city to prepare for their starring roles in the
pantomime Cinderella at Hull New Theatre. Chuckle Brother Barry said: "It's
great to be here. We've been here in the past and the people are wonderful."

Strings of multi-coloured lights stretched from the Queen Victoria statue in an
umbrella across the square and the words Merry Christmas were projected on to
the front of City Hall.

The switch-on began the city centre's countdown to Christmas, as shops threw
open their doors for late-night shopping.

Councillor Larsen said: "We've got thousands of people clamouring to come into
the city, which is wonderful."

j.collingridge@hdmp.co.uk

Links

Hull City Council

www.hullcc.gov.uk

The Chuckle Brothers www.thechucklebrothersontour.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved

                              97 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                             January 5, 2007 Friday

'Comedy duo made my day'

SECTION: Pg. 15

LENGTH: 452 words


Famous comedy duo the Chuckle Brothers brought laughter and delight to a Hull
children's centre.

They were the guests of honour at a renaming ceremony at the former St John's
House in Walker Street, west Hull.

Now known as Sunshine House, the children's centre provides specialist care  for
children with multiple physical and learning disabilities.

Chuckle Brothers Barry and Paul took a break from their pantomime duties at Hull
New Theatre to bring smiles to the faces of the children who attend the centre.

The Cinderella stars signed autographs, posed for  photos and put on their
popular "to me to you" routine.

Jackie Griffiths, centre manager, said: "It is fantastic the Chuckle Brothers
have taken the time to come and see us.

"The centre will have  a massive impact on the children, as they understand they
can come here to  have fun and enjoy themselves.

"Parents know how they can leave their children in a safe environment and are
confident with the care given by the nursing staff, which enables them to relax
at home.

"Caring for the children is a difficult job and we are dedicated to this cause.

"Most children at the centre suffer from the most complex forms of epilepsy and
brain injuries.

"We hope we can give help and support to parents by offering this service to
them."

The centre offers parents of children with physical and learning difficulties
the chance to have a break from caring for them.

It has 10 beds and is run by registered nurses. It has 45 families on the books
and looks after eight children a night.

Sunshine House is funded by the NHS and there are also fundraising schemes for
play and sensory equipment.

The relaunch and name change has been aimed at giving the centre a more child
friendly and modern image.

Parent Josie Hermann, from Raleigh Drive, Victoria Dock,  said: "It's wonderful
to get  publicity for such a fantastic place for the children to go to.

"My daughter has been so excited about the Chuckle Brothers visiting the centre,
she hasn't stopped talking about it for weeks."

The new name for the centre, was chosen in a competition by parents.

Kelly Lundie who chose the winning name, said: "This place is the sunshine at
the end of the tunnel for my son Max. He would not have anywhere else to play
and sleep over with friends.

"He is unable to feed, walk and talk and this centre can stimulate him so much.
It is like my second family this place and without it my son would have nowhere
to go.

"I've been coming here eight out of the 14 years it has been open and I would
like to thank the staff for all the support and love they have given to my
family."

news@hdmp.co.uk

Links

Chuckle Brothers Official Website

www.thechucklebrothersontour.co.uk

Hull New Theatre

www.hullcc.gov.uk

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved

                              98 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                               Hucknall Dispatch

                               May 5, 2014 Monday

Chuckles to land at Palace

LENGTH: 289  words


Family favourites The Chuckle Brothers are coming to Mansfield Palace Theatre as
they tour their own unique version of a Space Odyssey.

Paul and Barry's latest adventure begins when they visit a toy shop to buy some
water pistols but whilst trying them out they see a toy space ship which they
get in to.

"Don't touch anything," the shop keeper shouts. "Especially that big red
button!"

But being the Chuckle Brothers, they can't resist and press the button: all
sorts of noises go off.

"Oh dear," they cry, as they magically and accidentally launch into space,
taking the audience on a 2014 Space Oddity, a trip that guarantees fun for all
the family.

Paul and Barry Elliott are the real life brothers better known to millions of
fans as The Chuckle Brothers.

They have worked in almost every area of entertainment and their unique style
and family humour is synonymous with the stage and television appearances that
still take up most of their time.

In particular they are known for their long-running television show
Chucklevision and their annual panto appearances.

In this show they star alongside their two other brothers, Brian and Jimmy,
magician Sapphire and ex-Olympic gymnast Richard Morgan in a two-hour slapstick
spectacular.

It took the pair just two hours to write the first draft of the script for their
annual tour, and they continually come up with new gags.

Said Barry: "We can promise a lot of laughs, slapstick, audience participation
and of course our catchphrases will crop up.

"We kind of hope for mistakes really as they're like the Chucklevision out-takes
- the best parts! We often come up with ideas as we go along."

The Chuckle Brothers: A 2014 Space Oddity lands at Mansfield Palace Theatre on
Sunday 18th May at 2pm.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NHUD


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              99 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                           Evening Herald (Plymouth)

                                 March 16, 2004

Pavilions keeps the children entertained

SECTION: News; People; Appeals/campaigns; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 432 words


A bumper season of fun performances and activities aimed at youngsters begins
today at Plymouth Pavilions.  Launching the fun-fest is a performance from
children's TV favourite The Bear in the Big Blue House. But in the next six
weeks the venue will also see visits by bungling comedy duo The Chuckle Brothers
and The Panto Company's 2004 production of Robinson Crusoe.

Followed in the summer by the ever-popular Just For Kids holiday club,
organisers are expecting lots of youngsters and their families to make the most
of the line-up.

The Bear in the Big Blue House was this afternoon visiting the Pavilions for the
first of three performances in the city.

Based on the Disney children's programme by Jim Henson, A First Time For
Everything, the show has been dubbed as the ultimate audience participation
show.

Today's show started at 5pm, while two performances will be staged tomorrow at
2pm and 5pm.

Tickets cost £15, £12 and £9.50, with family tickets (two adults, two children
or one adult, three children) costing £54 and £45.

The Chuckle Brothers return to the Pavilions next month with a Harry
Potter-inspired show, which is sure to raise a chuckle with children of all
ages.

Paul and Barry Elliott won TV's New Faces show in 1974 and since then they have
worked constantly on a range of popular television shows including
Chucklevision.

The Chuckle Brothers are set to perform on Monday, April 5 at 2pm.

Tickets cost £8.50 each or £30 for a family ticket (two adults and two children,
or one adult and three children).

The Panto Company's 2004 production of Robinson Crusoe is sure to be an Easter
holiday delight for children and adults.

Telling the tale of the heroic captain of the Good Ship Lizzie, it follows
Crusoe's mission to seek out wondrous treasures and discover strange new lands
before he is shipwrecked.

The show will be staged on Friday, April 16 from 2.30pm. Tickets cost £8.

In August the Just For Kids holiday club for children aged between eight and 12
returns for two weeks.

A wide variety of activities will be staged to keep children entertained all day
long, from basketball to dance, arts and crafts to ninjitsu and tag rugby to
fancy dress.

Just For Kids runs from Monday, August 2 to Friday, August 6, and Monday, August
9 to Friday, August 13 between 8am and 5pm.

Tickets are available costing £3.50 for half-day sessions and £7 for full-day
session.

For further information and prices on all shows call the box office on 01752
229922 or visit www.plymouthpavilions.com.


LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 2004 Evening Herald (Plymouth)

                              100 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                The West Briton

                                  May 5, 2005

Chuckling and swashbuckling

SECTION: Features; Arts; Amateurdrama; Pg. 60

LENGTH: 318 words


To me To You! Those irrepressible Chuckle Brothers are back with their latest
stage show, Pirates of the River Rother.  This swashbuckling adventure, which
comes to Hall for Cornwall in June, sees Paul and Barry encounter mysterious
ghost ships and dastardly pirates - as well as calamity after calamity!  They
get into scrapes with Pirate Captain Redbeard and Horatio Nelson Slacking as
they search for the famous hidden treasure on Slack Island.

With a full supporting cast, this is The Chuckle Brothers' biggest show ever -
and great entertainment for all the family.

Paul and Barry Chuckle (their real name is Elliott) are the youngest in a
showbiz family of eight and were literally "born in a suitcase". They started
entertaining friends and neighbours in the back garden of their home in
Rotherham, South Yorkshire.

They have worked in practically every field of entertainment from panto, summer
season, clubs, cabaret, television, touring revues, circus and even an ice show.

The brothers even won New Faces on the original series back in 1974. But it was
in 1985 that they got their big break with the BBC series The Chucklehounds,
which evolved into Chucklevision - the 15 series of which has just been
commissioned.

Although it is transmitted during children's viewing hours, the boys aim the
humour and storylines at everyone - from two to 92 - and the fan letters prove
this as they come from tots, teenagers, mums, dads and grannies. It regularly
pulls in more than three million viewers and is screened 30 weeks a year.

In 1996 the Chuckle Brothers started touring and the shows have got bigger and
better ever since, with Pirates of the River Rother promising to be the best
yet.

Performances at the Hall for Cornwall take place from 2pm and 5pm on Wednesday
and Thursday, June 1 and 2. Tickets cost £10 plus 50p Theatre Fund payment -
contact the box office on 01872 262466.


LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                         Copyright 2005 The West Briton

                              101 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                            November 6, 2006 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Violinist, area illustrator do it all for a chuckle: NACO funnyman scores
syndication for comic strip

BYLINE: James Gordon, The Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 550  words


In three decades with the National Arts Centre Orchestra, violinist Brian
Boychuk has established himself as a talented musician and the resident
jokester.

Today, he can officially call himself a professional jokester.

In this newspaper and others across the country, Chuckle Bros, a single-panel
comic strip he co-created with his brother Ron and area illustrator Ronnie
Martin, is making its debut.

Mr. Boychuk gets excited when discussing the more than two-dozen instances of
"fate" he says eventually turned a few scribbles on a colouring book in 2003
into a syndicated comic.

Take a chance meeting with the man who would eventually put his ideas to paper.

Driven by a love of Far Side creator Gary Larson's work, Mr. Boychuk compiled
hundreds of comic-strip ideas with his Regina-based brother. While the two had
plenty to work with, they hadn't even thought of finding a suitable artist who
could display their vision for all.

They put ads on the Internet, but all the responses turned out to be "pathetic."
Mr. Boychuk also toured Ottawa animation classes and an art class at Canterbury
High School, but just couldn't find what he was looking for.

One evening, he ran into Mr. Martin at a choir performance both of their
daughters were participating in. Mr. Martin was killing time before the show
sketching pictures of his daughter and his surroundings. Mr. Boychuk approached
and asked whether the artist had ever considered drawing comic strips.

The idea intrigued Mr. Martin and, with that, Chuckle Bros came to life.

Sort of. Mr. Boychuk said it took some work convincing Mr. Martin the characters
needed to look more dopey.

"His people were too beautiful," Mr. Boychuk laughs. "I said, 'Ronnie, that is
too good -- he has to have a bigger nose!' "

Mr. Martin, a veteran illustrator, sign painter and visual artist, admits it
took some work.

"Brian and I went through a big process about making my guy ugly, because I have
a history of drawing pretty people," he says. "Bigger nose, dropped chin, really
kind of roly-poly people. I've become comfortable with that."

Although Mr. Martin considers Ottawa home, he was actually born and schooled in
Pennsylvania. The then-display artist arrived in the capital in 1972 and became
a Canadian citizen about two years later.

Mr. Martin says he actually toyed with the idea of drawing comic strips in the
1970s, creating one called Main Line, about a lovable loser named Mousey. He
never pursued it beyond a couple of frames, however.

He credits the Boychuk brothers' drive for getting Chuckle Bros to print.

"One of the great things about this, for me, is that Brian and Ron are both
unstoppable people," he says. "They persevere. I'm glad I went along with that
ride."

There will be inevitable comparisons between Chuckle Bros and The Far Side --
due simply to the fact both are single-frame cartoons with a similar style of
humour -- but Mr. Martin says he strived early to make his art different.

"They were trying to make it more Larson-like, I was trying to make it less
Larson-like -- I don't know a better way to term that," he says. "I feel that,
today, it has evolved beyond those days a little bit."

Mr. Boychuk says he welcomes all comparisons.

"All I can say is (Larson) was my hero," he explains. "If it comes off like
that, then maybe that's a compliment."

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Chris Mikula, The Ottawa Citizen; NACO violinist Brian Boychuk, left, and
illustrator Ronnie Martin, shown at a book launch in 2005.; Cartoon: (See hard
copy for illustration.)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2006 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved

                              102 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                  Western Mail

                          February 14, 2001, Thursday

CHUCKLE BROTHERS.

SECTION: ARTS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 36 words


THE Chuckle Brothers will return to St David's Hall in Cardiff on February 22
with an all-new show called Spooky Goings On.

The show, which will be staged at 2.30pm, is ideal for children aged four and
over.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2001 Western Mail and Echo Ltd

                              103 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                 Retford Times

                           February 19, 2015 Thursday

All ears as Chuckle Brothers tour kicks off at Majestic

SECTION: AGENCY:OTHER; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 354  words


The Chuckle Brothers treated an audience of more than 400 people to a 'bigger
and better' show than ever before on Saturday.

The comedy duo chose the Majestic Theatre to open their new show, Chuckles of
Oz, at the start of a 48-date UK tour.

This year, the Chuckles have been ambitious with their annual touring show,
recruiting extra cast members and some spectacular scenery for the set.

They decided to raise the curtain on their own take on classic tale the Wizard
of Oz in Retford as it has become their local venue. Paul has recently moved to
Serlby and Barry lives in Rotherham.

"We love it here, it's a great audience and crowd," said Paul, speaking during
rehearsals on Friday.

"It's handy for us for rehearsals," added Barry.

The pair have spent a year preparing Chuckles of Oz, and have sought help from
script-writer Michael Harrison, as well as including their own gags and ideas.

"It's bigger and better - we decided to do a really big show again, with a
different cast. It's a wonderful story told in our usual style," said Paul.

With the show's debut clashing with Valentine's Day, the boys promised a few
romantic moments on stage.

Speaking before the brothers took to the stage, Barry said:  "There'll be a
couple of surprises! We usually get several Valentine's cards each."

And their wives were happy to join in the fun.

"My wife will be selling merchandise!" said Paul. "I'll be home in the evening
so we might go out for a nice meal - or she can make me beans on toast!" added
Barry.

The current craze for selfies has meant the Chuckles are still popular with
young fans.

"We get asked for selfies all the time, wherever we go. We also do nightclub PAs
now - they're packed, usually bigger audiences than at the theatres," said Paul.

Now 70 and 67, the brothers show no signs of slowing down, and will appear in 48
performances of the show, from Devon to Glasgow. A further 18 dates are planned
for a summer tour.

And it's clear the Majestic holds a special appeal for them.

"It's a really old theatre - almost as old as Barry! It's gorgeous and the
atmosphere is great - it was built for shows like this," added Paul.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Chuckle Brothers meet reporter Grace

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved

                              104 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                                January 4, 2003

Chuckle Brothers Still Have Them Rolling In Aisles

SECTION: Features; Arts; Previews; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 214 words


Tonight: Aladdin The Chuckle Brothers headline the Regent's annual fun-filled
pantomime.

The Regent, Hanley, 7.30pm. 01782 213800.

The Snow Queen The New Vic's Christmas production is Hans Christian Andersen's
beautifully woven fairy tale.

New Victoria Theatre, Basford, 7.30pm. 01782 717962 Jack And The Beanstalk
Emmerdale's ex-policewoman Freya Copeland leads the cast in the Stafford panto.

Gatehouse Theatre, Stafford, 7pm.

Dick Whittington Bernie Clifton, Dr Evadne Hinge, and Diane Youdale from
Gladiators are the star names in the Crewe pantomime.

Lyceum, Crewe, 7.30pm.

Face Value Phil Collins tribute churns up a few old Genesis tracks too.

Limelight, Crewe, 9.30pm. 01270 251929.

Amadeus: The Director's Cut An extra 20 minutes of previously unseen footage has
been added to Milos Forman' s 1984 multi Academy Award-winning film about
Mozart.

Film Theatre, Stoke, 7.45pm. 01782 411188.

Viennese Strauss Gala Glamorous soirees and Strauss waltzes feature in this
Phoenix Productions show.

Buxton Opera House, 7.30pm. 01298 72190.

TOMORROW The BBC Big Band and Kate Dimbleby in a Tribute to Peggy Lee
Affectionate tribute to one of America's greatest recording stars.

Buxton Opera House, 7.30pm. 01298 72190.

Caption:

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2003 The Sentinel (Stoke)

                              105 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Express

                                 March 4, 2004

KEITH AITKEN

BYLINE: Keith Aitken

SECTION: COLUMNS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 92 words


NON-ISSUE of the week is Maureen Lipman's assault on the Beeb for "trivialising"
the Oscars ceremony by employing Alistair McGowan and Ronni Ancona to front
their coverage. You could put the Chuckle Brothers in charge, luvvie, and still
be taking that guff more seriously than it merits.

I'M indebted, I think, to Q Magazine for reporting the reissue of a long
forgotten album, Stormwatch, by Jethro Tull, the prog rock band fronted by funky
fish farmer Ian Anderson. It includes a track called Warm Sporran. Insert your
own punchline here.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2004 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS

                              106 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                    The Sun

                                 August 4, 2005

OUT OF LAUGHS

LENGTH: 19 words


A hundred Chuckle Brothers fans were left fuming after the stars dodged an
autograph session in Blackpool.


LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2005 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD

                              107 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            South Wales Evening Post

                                  May 19, 2000

The Chuckle Brothers Grand Theatre, Swansea, Saturday
 REVIEW

SECTION: Showbiz: OTHER, Pg.18

LENGTH: 125 words


THE madcap antics of veteran comics the Chuckle Brothers captivated hundreds of
youngsters at Swansea's Grand Theatre.

The old-style slapstick comedy with water pistols and custard pies proved just
as popular as ever.

So did the catchphrases familiar from their TV appearances.

Visual humour, such as the collapsing bunk bed and the sausage-making machine,
were milked for belly laughs.

The show is a mix of panto and Hi-De-Hi with girl band Bonnie providing the
musical breaks.

A trip to shows like this for kids of all ages would be far more beneficial than
a night in front of the box or the computer screen.

The modern word for it is interactive -children getting involved, shouting their
heads off and having a whale of a time.

MR

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 2000 South Wales Evening Post

                              108 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                        Hastings & St Leonards Observer

                            February 17, 2012 Friday

Chuckle heaven at the White Rock

LENGTH: 200  words



HIGHLIGHT: The Chuckle Brothers, White Rock Theatre, Saturday, February 18, 2pm.
£15, or £56 for a family ticket


The Chuckle Brothers, White Rock Theatre, Saturday, February 18, 2pm. £15, or
£56 for a family ticket

THERE isn't any act quite like The Chuckle Brothers.

Ask anybody - of any age - about the comedy duo and it's like talking about old
friends.

ChuckleVision has been broadcast on BBC1 for 21 years and still has young fans
transfixed by their slapstick antics as they bring chaos down all around them.

The current stage show has the brothers visiting a theme park.

Daring to go on a water ride, they are accidentally catapulted into an parallel
world of piracy, pantaloons and pieces of eight.

Called The Return of the Pirates of the River Rother 2 - In Stranger Tights, the
River Rother of the brothers' imagination is, we're sure, the one that passes
through the north of England (they come from Rotherham).

But, as the brothers are never one to pass a gag up, we're counting on a
reference to our river at some point.

Expect lots of 'to me, to you', mucking things up and Laurel and Hardy-type
comic routines and you will be sailing the high seas of fun, surrounded by
comedy treasure. Tights optional.

Tickets are available from the box office on 01424 462288 or online at
www.whiterocktheatre.org.uk.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JPHO


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              109 of 500 DOCUMENTS

               UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Oxfordshire

                                 April 27, 2001

Preview: The Chuckle Brothers at the Apollo, Oxford - April 19.

BYLINE: author email dduffy@nqo.com David Duffy ( a)

SECTION: Leisure

LENGTH: 131 words

DATELINE: Oxfordshire



There will be Spooky Goings On with the Chuckle Brothers at the Apollo Theatre
in Oxford tomorrow afternoon.


Paul and Barry Chuckle, are real-life brothers (real name Elliot) and they
started entertaining at a very early age and put on shows for family and friends
in the back garden of their home in Rotherham, south Yorkshire, where they grew
up.

After winning New Faces in the orginal 1974 series they went on to make several
television programmes including The Chucklehounds, Chucklevision and the game
showTo Me to You.  They have also toured the UK several times and appeared in
many pantomimes.

Tomorrow's show promises ghosts, trouble and lots of fun.

The show starts at 2pm. Tickets are available from the box office, telephone
0870 6063500.


LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2001 NewsQuest Media Group Limited

                              110 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                Crawley Observer

                          February 26, 2014 Wednesday

Chuckle Brothers in space at Crawley

LENGTH: 105  words


The Chuckle Brothers are back with their new show 2014 A Space Oddity!

Paul and Barry visit a toy shop to buy some water pistols. Whilst trying them
out they notice a toy space ship. Don't touch anything the shop keeper shouts
out! Especially that button!

This button they ask? Yes he replies. But being The Chuckle Brothers they can't
resist it!

Oh Dear! Oh Dear!' they cry out as they magically launch into a new adventure!

Tickets priced at £15. Family of four: £54 are available from the Box Office on
01293 553636 or book online at
{http://www.parkwoodtheatres.co.uk/theatre/Default.aspx?zid=2| www.hawth.co.uk |
www.hawth.co.uk}.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JPCO


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              111 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                Hull Daily Mail

                              July 27, 2015 Monday

Chuckle Brothers take on a classic

SECTION: ENTS:OTHER; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 138  words


The Chuckles Of Oz

They have turned their hand to everything from Harry Potter-inspired fun to
their own surreal take on the Pirates Of The Caribbean films.

Now, the Chuckle Brothers are taking on one of the classics of children's
literature.

The Chuckles Of Oz will see the South Yorkshire comedy duo - brothers Paul and
Barry Chuckle - lead audiences along the Yellow Brick Road.

This touring show, which arrives at Hull New Theatre this month, follows the
Chuckles as they enter the Emerald City in the guise of two wizards.

Joined by characters including the fairy godmother and the evil witch, the
Chuckle Vision-starring brothers will no doubt create a suitably daft take on
this well-known tale.

When & where:  Saturday, August 22, 7pm. Hull New Theatre, Kingston Square,
Hull. Tickets £14, family ticket £52. Call 01482 300300.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: News for Ian Midgley - 19-10-11 The Chuckle Brothers Paul Elliott, left
and Barry Elliott at Hull City Hall for the launch of the pantomime Cinderella
at Hull New Theatre. Picture: Peter Harbour
Prints of this picture can be ordered from
www.thisisphotosales.co.uk/hullandeastriding or telephone 08444 060 910
KEYWORDS:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved

                              112 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                               Blackpool Gazette

                               September 5, 2005

Brothers do love fans

SOURCE: Blackpool Gazette

LENGTH: 220 words


With reference to the letter (Gazette, August 3) regarding Paul and Barry (
Chuckle Brothers) not meeting their audience after the show, may I point out
that they pride themselves in always meeting their fan base.




However, from time to time events take over - be it illness or other!


The Chuckle Brothers are preparing to start filming the new series of
"ChuckleVision" and for the month of August they have 9am meetings each day in
Yorkshire with scriptwriters and the costume department. Each episode has a
variety of costumes to suit each story line.


A mistake was made in the form that a pre-show announcement had accidentally not
been made.


This was due to the fact that it was the first night and as such it was hectic
backstage with all the cast, props, costumes and scenery, etc.


What a shame a small amount of the public only ever see the down side in a
situation and never stop to think maybe there was a problem!


As soon as the boys heard this was happening, they instructed their tour manager
via mobile phone to go out and make the announcement.


I can assure you Paul and Barry genuinely care about their audience, but no one
is perfect and as I started by saying, events can and did take over.


Phil Dale


Qdos Productions


LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2005 Johnston Press Plc

                              113 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                           Grimsby Evening Telegraph

                                 April 18, 2003

Chuckle Brothers Give Daniel The Giggles

SECTION: News; People; Celebrities; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 119 words


Daniel's grandad Michael Edwards and mum Nicola took Daniel to see The Chuckle
Brothers live for the first time at Grimsby Auditorium.  Nicola (33) said: "It
was wonderful for him - he could jump about and shout, and nobody minded!  "He
watches them all the time. He's got all the videos." And when the family met the
stars of children's TV, Daniel's mum came in for some chuckle-style ribbing.

Nicola, of Newbury Drive, Great Coates, said: "They asked him if he enjoyed the
show, and they were teasing him a bit.

"They asked him who brought him, and he said: 'My grandad, because my mum
doesn't like you!' "I thought they were going to get me and threaten me with a
custard pie! But they just laughed." Caption:

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 2003 Grimsby Evening Telegraph

                              114 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                           Grimsby Evening Telegraph

                                 April 18, 2003

Chuckle Brothers Give Daniel The Giggles

SECTION: News; People; Celebrities; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 122 words


Daniel's grandad Michael Edwards and mum Nicola took Daniel to see The Chuckle
Brothers live for the first time at Grimsby Auditorium.  Nicola (33) said: "It
was wonderful for him - he could jump about and shout, and nobody minded!  "He
watches them all the time. He's got all the videos." And when the family met the
stars of children's TV, Daniel's mum came in for some chuckle-style ribbing.

Nicola, of Newbury Drive, Great Coates, said: "They asked him if he enjoyed the
show, and they were teasing him a bit.

"They asked him who brought him, and he said: 'My grandad, because my mum
doesn't like you!' "I thought they were going to get me and threaten me with a
custard pie! But they just laughed." Caption:

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 2003 Grimsby Evening Telegraph

                              115 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                  Louth Leader

                             June 10, 2014 Tuesday

Chuckle Brother to star in Louth

LENGTH: 134  words


Louth residents will have the chance to meet one of the Chuckle Brothers, as
Paul will be at the new Bookaholics' shop at 22 Eastgate (opposite the TSB) on
Wednesday June 18 at 3.45pm.

Paul will sign copies of The Chuckle Brothers book and officially open
Bookaholics, which will be selling bargain new books, quality second-hand books
and collectors' items.

"I am looking forward to seeing something of Louth," said Paul. "We often drive
through on our way to Skegness and we always say we will stop but never seem to
have the time.

"I am told it is a fantastic town, one of the best in the country and attracts a
lot of visitors so Bookaholics could not have been opened in a better place. As
a book lover myself I am sure I will enjoy browsing as much as meeting everyone
who comes along on Wednesday."

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MLOP


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              116 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                 Whitby Gazette

                            November 27, 2009 Friday

Win family tickets for brothers' adventure

BYLINE: Caroline Gough

LENGTH: 276 words



HIGHLIGHT: THE Chuckle Brothers are set to star in A Christmas Chuckle at the
Futurist Theatre in Scarborough.


Start the festive season with a chuckle with fun and laughter for all the family
in this fantastic pantomime.

In  A Christmas Chuckle, The Chuckle Brothers Paul and Barry go on a fantasy
adventure meeting characters and ghosts from a different time.

The year is 1800 and frozen to hecky thump - or is it?

The miserable miser Ebenezer Sneezer isn't looking forward to Christmas.

He never does.

In fact the only thing he does like at this time of year is humbugs.

You can often hear him shouting humbugs as he goes on the search for them.

However, what he doesn't know is that he's about to get a visit from some ghosts
as they try to show him the error of his ways, and teach him that Christmas is a
very special time.

They arrive just before Christmas Eve to hear him shouting at the butcher,
"turkeys aren't just for Christmas" and then to the corner toy shop "put your
prices up."

He's never had a charitable thought in his life.

A Christmas Chuckle is on Sunday 13 December at 2pm and tickets cost £16 for
adults and  £15 for children and some lucky Whitby Gazette readers can see them
for free.

l TO be in with a chance of winning one of three sets of family tickets
(admitting up to four people each) for The Chuckle Brothers' Christmas Chuckle
answer the question:

Q) Who likes humbugs?

Email your answer to bernice.smith@yrnltd.co.uk or you can text to 81800
starting your message with WGFCOMP (text charge 25p plus your standard network
charge) or complete the coupon opposite and send it to: Chuckle Brothers
Competition, Whitby Gazette, 17-18 Bridge Street, Whitby, North Yorkshire, YO22
4BG.

For terms and conditions, see page 12. Deadline is Tuesday 8 December.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WGJ


                       Copyright 2009 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              117 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                    The Sun

                                  May 4, 2005

OPINION

BYLINE: Jane Moore

LENGTH: 87 words


AS my kids absolutely love them, I have spent more time than is healthy watching
The Chuckle Brothers.

So imagine my... ahem...devastation to learn that one of them has been doing
some teenage fumbling with a 37-year-old housewife.

Her husband says: "I want people to know what Barry Chuckle is really like."
Hard not to laugh, really.

Meanwhile, film star Angelina Jolie has revealed that the man of her dreams will
be good with children.

Angelina Jolie-Chuckle -has a certain ring, don't you think?


LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2005 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD

                              118 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                 Sunday Mirror

                             April 10, 2005, Sunday

IAN HYLAND: KEN AND DEIRDRE'S WEDDING

BYLINE: IAN HYLAND

SECTION: 3 Star Edition; FEATURES; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 89 words


KEN and Deirdre's wedding. The stag and hen parties were fabulous, especially
Ken's impromptu Chuckle Brothers impression as he toasted himself: "To me, to
me, to me."

And Blanche and Deirdre's scenes brought a tear to the eye. And the couple
looked lovely, especially Deirdre who'd gone to the trouble of spraying green
silly string in her hair.

But the greatest joy was hearing Deirdre promise her mum: "Me and Ken are not a
couple of young kids who wanna run around with nothing on."

Thanks Deirdre. No really.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Copyright 2005 MGN Ltd.

                              119 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                 Llanelli Star

                               February 10, 2005

Chuckles for holiday

SECTION: News; Ents; Comedy; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 36 words


Kids Tv double act The Chuckle Brothers return to St David's Hall, Cardiff, on
Wednesday, February 16 (2pm) with new show The Pirates of the River Rother.
Early booking is recommended. Details 029 2087 8444.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                          Copyright 2005 Llanelli Star

                              120 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                          Bradford Telegraph and Argus

                           February 25, 2014 Tuesday

A Bradford space adventure with The Chuckle Brothers!

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 61 words


The Chuckle Brothers are bringing some half-term fun to Bradford.

Their new show, The Chuckle Brothers 2014 Space Oddity, is on at St George's
Hall on Thursday at 2pm.

The family show sees Paul and Barry visit a toy shop, where they notice a toy
space ship and cannot resist a ride, sending them off on an action-packed
adventure.

Tickets for the show are on (01274) 432000.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              121 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                               Leicester Mercury

                                January 24, 2003

To Me, To You!

SECTION: News; Ents; TV/Radio; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 401 words


Kids' favourites The Chuckle Brothers are back with a new series of
ChuckleVision on Children's BBC. No wonder Chuckle Brothers Paul and Barry get
some funny looks when they go mooching around DIY stores. If they were being
filmed for their long-running BBC series ChuckleVision, their eager fans would
know it was only a matter of time before they'd be swinging a plank about and
knocking people over. Or trying to put up shelves... with disastrous
consequences.

On TV, you see, the pair can't do a thing right.

But professionally, real-life brothers Paul and Barry Patton can't do a thing
wrong.

They've been making people laugh since launching their act nearly 40 years ago,
and are probably more popular today than they've ever been.

''We still get a great buzz out of making people laugh," says Barry, a granddad
who ought to be contenting himself with a game of whist or, at best, the odd
round of golf.

Instead, he wears outrageous shirts and works year-round with only two weeks
off.

It's a punishing schedule of summer seasons, theatre tours, TV series and
pantomime.

But he and his older brother know no other life.

''We've been in pantomime in Hanley, Stoke-on-Trent - our 35th consecutive
Christmas show, which I should imagine is some kind of record,'' says Barry.

Paul and Barry, both happily married family men, live just a few miles from
eachother in South Yorkshire.

They are rarely apart - the only time they are not together is when they take a
rare holiday - but only occasionally fall out.

''Like any other family, we don't always see eye-to-eye with each other and
might have the occasional disagreement, but it's quickly forgotten,'' says
Barry.

''We might have a slight argument as we're waiting in the wings to go on stage,
but by the time we get off there's no mention of it. It's just forgotten.

''I don't think that we could have worked together for so long if we were
alwaysfalling out.'' The brothers come from a showbiz family. Their mother was
one of the dancing Tiller Girls and their father was a comic.

''It just seemed a natural thing for us to follow them on to the stage,'' says
Barry.

There's no sign of this long-running partnership running out of comic steam.
Their new series of ChuckleVision will be their 15th.

And, needless to say, they are already fully-booked for the rest of the year.

Caption:

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

                        Copyright 2003 Leicester Mercury

                              122 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                               Wakefield Express

                             April 4, 2013 Thursday

Chuckle Brothers , Barry and Paul, appearing at Theatre Royal Wakefield

LENGTH: 39  words


The Chuckle Brothers will take to the stage at the Theatre Royal Wakefield on
Saturday.

Paul and Barry's new show, Chuckle Brothers Meet The Phantom, is on at 2pm and
5pm. Tickets cost £12, £14 and £16 plus concessions. Call 01924 211311.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NYWE


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              123 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                              Liverpool Daily Echo

                            April 18, 2006, Tuesday
                                 First Edition

SPACED;
Take the time to win a fab trip to see the Chuckle Brothers

BYLINE: JANET TANSLEY

SECTION: COMPETITION/OFFERS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 389 words


WE will exfoliate! We will exfoliate ... it can only be The Chuckle Brothers
with their unique take on time travel.

Britain's favourite children's entertainers, Paul and Barry Chuckle, are back on
tour this spring with a brand new show, Doctor What And The Return Of The
Garlics.

And the tardis is stopping at city's Empire Theatre on April 30.

There are two shows - due to huge demand an extra show was added to their
repertoire - and it promises to be one of the funniest and craziest yet.

Doctor What And The Return Of The Garlics sees Paul and Barry set off on a
galactic trip thinking it is nothing more than an unusual holiday.

But, as ever, they accidentally end up landing themselves in lots of trouble.

Doctor What And The Return Of The Garlics follows the hugely successful tour of
Pirates of the River Rother, which broke box office records around the country
last year.

And Time Off has got the perfect prize to offer to Chuckle fans - To Me To You!

One reader can win a family ticket to Doctor What And The Return of the Garlics,
interval ice-creams, access to the private VIP members area and a confectionery
goodie bag (sweets, soft drinks and popcorn).

Three runners up will each win a family ticket.

To be in with a chance of winning tell us the name of the Chuckle Brothers'
popular television series.

To enter: Call 0901 388 8211 leaving your answer to the above question, your
name, address, age and daytime telephone number.

Or text your answer: Key in LEOFF followed by a space and then your answer,
name, address, age and telephone number, sending your text to 84080.

The Chuckle Brothers in Doctor What And The Return Of The Garlics - Liverpool
Empire Theatre, April 30 at 2pm and 5pm. Tickets pounds 12 each (children pounds
10). Call the box office on 0870 606 3536 or go online at
www.getlive.co.uk/liverpool

Terms and conditions:

Calls will cost 25p at all times, although network charges may vary. Text
messages are charged at 25p plus standard message rate, and this service is
available to all networks. Number of entries per person is not limited. Usual
competition rules apply. The competition is not open to Liverpool ECHO employees
and their families. Lines will be open from noon today and will close noon,
April 25. All correct answers will be collated in a computer database and
winners will be selected at random.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TIME LARDS: Paul and Barry Chuckle are bringing their show Doctor What
And The Return Of The Garlics to Liverpool' I am a garlic ...

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Liverpool Daily Post & Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              124 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                              North Somerset Times

                             May 6, 2015 Wednesday

The Chuckle Brothers' Wizard of Oz adventure

BYLINE: Jessica Hamilton

SECTION: LEIS

LENGTH: 130 words


Everyone's favourite children's double act, The Chuckle Brothers, will be at
Weston's Playhouse on May 17.



Paul and Barry will perform their latest outing, a take on the Wizard of Oz
titled The Chuckles Of Oz.

The pair first made their names in showbiz with the Children's BBC hit series
Chucklevision, one of the longest-running children's TV shows in history, which
broadcast for 21 series. Their latest endeavour is guaranteed to tickle people
of all ages as the brothers, taking the role of a pair of wizards, join Wizard
Of Oz characters Dorothy, the tin man, the scarecrow and the cowardly lion on a
trip to the Emerald City in a hilarious take on the classic musical film.

The show starts at 2pm. Tickets, priced £15.50, are available on 01934 645544 or
at www.theplayhouse.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WTI


                    Copyright 2015 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              125 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                               Grimsby Telegraph

                            August 8, 2013 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Famous Chuckle Brothers promote Cleethorpes as place to be

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 147 words


TO CELEBRATE the full reopening of the Sheffield to Cleethorpes train line,
South Yorkshire's most famous brothers, The Chuckle Brothers, returned to
Sheffield to transform the city's railway station into a replica Cleethorpes
beach.

Complete with sand, deckchairs plus buckets and spades, the comedy duo brought
slapstick calamities to commuters.

The activity was co-funded by a joint partnership between train operator First
TransPennine Express (FTPE) and Cleethorpes' North East Lincolnshire Council to
remind surrounding counties that the popular seaside resort is open for tourism
following nearly six months of rail disruption caused by a landslip at Hatfield.

To get the region's tourist routes back on track, a two-for-one travel offer to
Cleethorpes, which is valid until September 1, has been unveiled. For more
information about the offer, visit www.tpexpress.co.uk/cleethorpes

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BEACH FUN: Chuckle Brothers Barry and Paul fool around in a makeshift
sandpit.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GRT


                        Copyright 2013 Grimsby Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved

                              126 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                  Wirral Globe

                            April 11, 2013 Thursday

Chuckle Brothers ready for spooky goings-on at Wirral theatre

BYLINE: Craig Manning

SECTION: NEWS (WIRRALNEWS)

LENGTH: 442 words


THE Chuckle Brothers will become ghostbusters when they return to Wirral this
week.

The Bafta award-winning funnymen and children's TV legends star in The Chuckle
Brothers meet the phantom at the Floral Pavilion in New Brighton on Sunday,
April 21

A ghostly presence is scaring everybody away, but Paul and Barry have a plan.
Will the phantom allow the boys to put a show on?

The family show features songs, slap-stick comedy, magic, puppets and full
supporting cast.

Looking forward to the show, Barry told the Globe: "The show's going really
well, better than we expected. We enjoy doing it and the reaction from audiences
is fantastic."

The 68-year-old continued: "The play is very much in the style of our heroes
Laurel & Hardy and there's our usual brand of mayhem and chaos along the way.

"We've not been to New Brighton for about 20 years, so it's good to be coming
back to perform in the new building."

The real life brothers, celebrating 50 years in showbusiness, have worked in
almost every area of entertainment and have come a long way from their childhood
days in Rotherham when they put on shows for friends in their back garden.

After treading the boards in many summer seasons and pantomimes for more than a
decade, their big break came after winning TV talent show New Faces in the
1970s.

But it was as two costumed characters in a series called The Chucklehounds, that
they launched their television career and was followed by Chucklevision.

Generations of children have grown up with the show which is now in its
twentieth year. The show was nominated for a Children's BAFTA award in 1998.

Paul and Barry also recorded three series of their own TV game show including a
Christmas special.

Aptly titled To Me, To you it was named after the brother's legendary
catchphrase. For the last ten years they have toured the UK with their own
shows.

In these shows the brothers often appear at the traditional Pier theatres,
regularly to capacity audiences which is difficult for any act to achieve these
days.

They have also appeared as contestants on TV's Celebrity Weakest Link, finishing
a close second.

On their 50 years in showbusiness, Barry said: "It's great to still be doing
that is still liked after all this time.

"We want to say thanks to the public for their support."

Asked if there was plan b had entertainment not worked out he said: "Not really.
Our dad was a comedian and mum was a dancer, so entertainment was always in our
blood.

"When dad was performing we'd go and watch. We've always been family
entertainers and are never really blue."

Tickets for the show, which starts at 2pm, are from the box office on 666 0000
or www.floralpavilion.com

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              127 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                              Liverpool Daily Echo

                            January 13, 2012 Friday
                                  1ST Edition

? AHOY there! . Chuckle Brothers [...]

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 46 words


? AHOY there!

Chuckle Brothers Barry and Paul are on their way to Southport Theatre with a
full-blown swash-buckling adventure at sea.

Chuckle Brothers The Return Of The Pirates Of The River Rother 2 - In Stranger
Tights takes place on February 24 and tickets are pounds 15.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: le


               Copyright 2012 The Liverpool Daily Post & Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              128 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                    The Sun

                                 April 29, 2005

IT'S NO JOKE

SECTION: SUN SAYS; LEADING ARTICLE

LENGTH: 31 words


WE don't make light of marital infidelity.

But there's one thing worse than finding your wife's had a romp with one of the
Chuckle Brothers.

Having to watch their programmes.


LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2005 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD

                              129 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Visitor

                           February 16, 2013 Saturday

To me... to you...to the Grand!

LENGTH: 128  words


TV legends The Chuckle Brothers will head up a double bill of family fun in
Lancaster next month.

Their latest show The Chuckle Brothers Meet the Phantom sees Paul and Barry
helping out a theatre manager who is having a spot of bother with ghosts.

But where the Chuckle Brothers are concerned expect things to not go exactly go
to plan.

Their show of songs, slapstick and spectacular magic for all the family is at
the Grand Theatre on Saturday, March 16 at 2pm. Tickets cost £14, £52 for a
family.

The same week, Tall Stories return with their latest offering The Gruffalo's
Child on March 18 and 19.

The show based on the best-selling book features songs, laughs and scary fun for
children aged four and up, and their adults.

For ticket information please call 01524 64695.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WVIS


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              130 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                 Skegness News

                                 March 30, 2005

A comedy spectacular at the Embassy

LENGTH: 78 words


THE Chuckle Brothers are set to bring their new show, Pirates of the River
Rother, to Skegness.

A parody on Pirates of the Caribbean, the extravaganza involves mayhem, madness,
a dash of 'swashbuckling' and of course the hilarious chaps' usual brand of
comedy.

The Chuckle Brothers, who shot to fame on children's TV in 1987, will be at the
Embassy Theatre this Friday - which is, quite appropriately, April 1!

* More in today's Skegness Standard.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                           © 2005 Johnston Press Plc

                              131 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                                  June 7, 2002

Ticket winners

BYLINE: Marsh Alison (Sentinel)

SECTION: FEATURES; ARTS; Celebinterview; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 44 words


Ticket winners The winners of the Chuckle Brothers competition were Miss R
Sturdy of Blythe Bridge and Katie Johnston of Sneyd Green.

Both won tickets to see the Chuckle Brothers at the Regent Theatre in Hanley and
to meet the madcap pair after the show.


LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2002 The Sentinel (Stoke)

                              132 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            Birmingham Evening Mail

                             July 25, 2000, Tuesday

A REAL CHUCKLE FOR OUR WINNERS

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 151 words


CHILDREN'S TV stars The Chuckle Brothers helped paint the town with two lucky
Birmingham youngsters to celebrate the launch of a new pounds 2 million
attraction at Cadbury World.

Six year old Kaya Maylum, from Kings Norton, and nine year old Samuel Miller,
from Solihull, teamed up with the comics after winning VIP tickets to the
opening through the Evening Mail.

They were among fifteen prizewinners who were treated to a special tour of
Cadbury World with their families.

They also got to meet the Chuckle Brothers and were among the first people to
try out Cadbury World's new attraction called 'Cadbury Land'.

Cadbury Land is a hi-tech pantomime set in its own purpose built 'theatre'.
Visitors are asked to join in and direct the show using electronic buttons on
their seats. They are also able to vote for each stage of a virtual adventure
set in the imaginary Cadbury Land.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PAINTING THE TOWN RED: The Chuckle Brothers with Sam Miller and; Kaya
Maylum

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2000 Midland Independent Newspapers plc

                              133 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                           Evening Herald (Plymouth)

                                 July 21, 2005

You've got to chuckle

SECTION: Features; Cinema/Video; Films; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 96 words


The Chuckle Brothers, brothers Paul and Barry, popped up on The Hoe with an
inflatable beanstalk to launch Plymouth Theatre Royal's Christmas pantomime,
Jack and the Beanstalk. Paul and Barry, (real name Elliot) will be playing a
couple of giant slayers. "Every time we come there are great audiences. We love
'em," said Barry. The Chuckle Brothers have appeared in panto every year for
almost 40 years, but say they never get bored. Jack and the Beanstalk runs from
December 16 to January 21. Tickets are £8-£19.50. Call the box office on 01752
267222 to book.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                   © Copyright 2005 Evening Herald (Plymouth)

                              134 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                               Leicester Mercury

                               September 5, 1998

Chuckle time that had a tearful ending

BYLINE: By Julie Henry

SECTION: Crime: Theft, Pg.24

LENGTH: 237 words


A VISIT to see the Chuckle Brothers ended in tears for three children after
thieves raided a holiday caravan.

Sarah Love, of Twickenham Road, Eyres Monsell, and her boyfriend, Darren
Withers, had arranged to take her 14-year -old sister Emma, niece Amy, 10, and
six-year-old nephew Lewis to a caravan park at Ingoldmells, Skegness.

But the excited children had only been there two nights when the raiders struck.

The 32-year-old said: "I had just taken the kids to see the Chuckle Brothers and
we got back to find the lights on at the caravan and the window open.

"When we went in I realised that all the suitcases were gone. We had not been
there long so just about all of the children's clothes were still packed away.

"They got away with hundreds of pounds worth of stuff. Poor Lewis immediately
said 'what about my brand new Leicester City shirt'."

The children were so upset and frightened by the break -in they refused to stay
in the caravan another night and the group returned to Leicester.

Miss Love said: "We were supposed to have the full week but did not even have
half a week.

"The children were looking forward to the holiday so much. I can not believe
that people can be so unfeeling as to ruin a child's holiday."

Miss Love has discovered the loss is not covered by her personal insurance. The
site owners have offered the family GBP 100 towards the cost of replacing the
stolen items.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                        Copyright 1998 Leicester Mercury

                              135 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                 Sunday Mercury

                            October 30, 2005, Sunday

FOOTBALL: ESSEX NO JOKE FOR CHUCKLE BROTHERS

BYLINE: BY ROGER SKIDMORE

SECTION: First Edition; SPORT; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 367 words


FA CUP minnows Leamington are planning to turn next weekend's fairytale tie at
Colchester into a pantomime with the Chuckle Brothers determined to have the
last laugh in Essex.

Leamington have their own Adams family in their ranks - brothers Jon and Richard
both scored against Ossett Town in the last round to set up next Saturday's trip
to Layer Road.

But they are more of a comedy duo than a horror-show double act.

"They're our very own Chuckle Brothers," said manager Jason Caddon.

"They look like the Chuckles - I don't think I've worked with two footballers so
ugly - and they behave like them. Richard in particular is the spitting image of
them.

"It gets past a joke, though, in December when they have to take two months off
from football to appear in panto at the Alex!

"They both work in an office in Birmingham somewhere. I know they always turn up
for training covered in ink and marker-pen colours. They're so stupid they must
draw on each other during the day"We had a third Adams in the side last season,
but he wasn't related, and he was a lot more sensible than that daft pair."

Late-night reveller Richard was in trouble with Caddon after the 3-2 win at
Ossett.

"I fined him £50. We stayed in the Holiday Inn near Wakefield and the next
morning he was still making a noise at five o'clock," he added.

"But they're great lads to have in the team.

"Jon, who was superb in the middle of the park, rattled in a great goal to make
it 2-1 and then Richard came off the bench to make it 3-1."

Caddon, who has been manager of Leamington since they reformed six years ago,
has vowed the Midland Alliance outfit will give it a real go at Layer Road.
"This is a magnificent achievement for the club and the town of Leamington Spa,"
he said.

"Colchester will be our eighth game - that would normally be more than enough
for Manchester United or Chelsea to lift the trophy.

"Next Saturday will be our Cup final. This is what dreams are made of.

"But that doesn't mean we don't think we can get through. There's no point in
going to Colchester if that's our attitude.

"We'll give it our best shot and I would be delighted with a replay

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2005 Midland Independent Newspapers plc

                              136 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                              Western Daily Press

                                  May 4, 2005

Fighting talk

SECTION: Features; General; Columnist; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 131 words


Apparently a man spends on average £1,717,118 during his lifetime. The figure
for women is £1,363,729.  I don't think this can include the cost of men taking
women out and then getting divorced. The figure then becomes £27,789,435, plus
court costs.

I NEVER did like the Chuckle Brothers. Real men don't work with children.

Take Scout leaders...

So when my kids watched the unfunny Chuckle Brothers, a couple of wrinkled
Northerners talking rubbish on TV, I felt like throwing up.

But I did have a laugh when I saw that Barry Chuckle, 60, - a married grandad -
tried to seduce a housewife with pervy emails.

He didn't see the funny side of it as the 37-year-old shopped him and he
admitted sending "fruity" messages.

There's no fool like an old fool.


LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2005 0405WESTDPE1fighti

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                      Copyright 2005 Bristol United Press

                              137 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                               Grimsby Telegraph

                            June 11, 2014 Wednesday

SECTION: NEWS:OTHER; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 246  words


ONE of the Chuckle Brothers will be in Louth next week to open a new shop and
sign copies of the duo's book "To Me...To You."

Paul Elliott will open Bookaholics on Eastgate at 3.45pm on Wednesday, June 18.

He will also sign copies of The Chuckle Brothers' book to mark 50 years in
showbusiness.

The Chuckle Brothers won the television talent show Opportunity Knocks in 1967,
followed by success on New Faces in 1974.

The shop offers bargain new books, quality secondhand books and collectors'
items as well as offering book finder and publishing services.

Paul said: "I am looking forward to seeing something of Louth.

"We often drive through on our way to Skegness and we always say we will stop
but never seem to have the time.

"I am told it is a fantastic town, one of the best in the country and attracts a
lot of visitors so Bookaholics could not have been opened in a better place. As
a book lover myself I am sure I will enjoy browsing as much as meeting everyone
who comes along on Wednesday."

A MAN has been jailed after a vicious attack left his victim with footwear marks
on his face and body.

Matthew Thomas McNee, 31, pictured,of Tennyson Road, Louth, has been jailed for
seven years after pleading guilty to grievous bodily harm.

Lincoln Crown Court heard he carried out an unprovoked attack on Andrew West in
a flat in Newmarket on December 18, leaving the victim with serious facial
injuries, and had footwear marks on his face and body, consistent with being
stamped on.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved

                              138 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                               Belfast Telegraph

                                 June 12, 2003

Theatre: End of term feel at theatres

BYLINE: By Grannia McFaddenemail: gmcfadden@belfasttelegraph.co.uk

LENGTH: 515 words


Cats... purrrfect

WE'RE approaching the end of the school term - and that holiday feeling is
evident at theatres all over Northern Ireland, with many venues winding down
before the summer break.

They're feeling good at the Grand Opera House, where Andrew Lloyd Webber's hit
musical Cats is packing in audiences thrilled to have the opportunity of seeing
such a box-office smash in Belfast.

Marie Jones' new play The Blind Fiddler has opened for business.

- Elsewhere things are a little quieter, and several theatres are giving younger
audiences something to cheer about.

This Saturday, the Chuckle Brothers bring their barrel of laughs to the
Waterfront, where they'll be appearing in Star Doors! The Chuckle Brothers
Strike back. The TV comics will be offering slapstick fun, song, madness, mayhem
and a lorra laughs in their afternoons show.

- Centre Stagehas taken up residence in the Group Theatre in Belfast, with a
show entitled A Fun Miscellany of the Year's Work. There are performances from
this evening through until Saturday, when there's also a matinee at 3pm.

- Next Thursday the Ardhowen Theatre in Enniskillen welcomes Island Productions'
Shadow of a Gunman. One of the best-known of SeanO'Casey's plays, it still
carries a resonance across the years. The love story, set amide the troubles of
1920s Dublin, runs from June 19-21 and June 24-28.

- Meanwhile the Millennium Forum in Londonderry welcomes Macnaghten Productions
Limited and Stray Dog Theatre Company on Wednesday, when they'll perform The
Promise.

Mark Safranko's sparkling drama sees life take an unexpected turn for a New York
theatrical agent, after an eccentric actress walks into his office.

Hope, despair and revenge all feature strongly in the show, which runs until
next Saturday.

- There's just two more chances to see Cahoots NI's A Fairy's Tale - the show
which has been enchanting children all over Northern Ireland since it set out on
tour last month.

The magical story unfolds at the Burnavon Theatre in Cookstown tomorrow at
10.30am and 1.30pm, when Bosco McEneaney weaves his spells under the direction
of Zoe Seaton.

- Finally, those of you planning a break away from it all during the Twelfth
fortnight could find yourselves in Donegal for the duration. And there's no
better place for arts lovers, as the 15th annual Earagail arts festival kicks
off on July 7.

More than 100 events are scheduled for 20 towns across 40 venues during the two
weeks of festival, and the highlights include Circus Ronaldo from Belgium,which
will be performing in Letterkenny Town Park, and The Saigon Water Puppet
Theatre, all the way from Vietnam, which will be on show at Donegal Airport in
Carrickfin.

Adbsurdum Productions from America will present Goner - a cross between West
Wing and ER which was a massive hit at last year's Edinburgh Fringe Festival.
The story's simple - the US President has been shot...should doctors operate?

Find out at An Granian Theatre in Letterkenny during the earagail festival.

More about that next week.


LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: Paper

                Copyright 2003 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.

                              139 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            Nottingham Evening Post

                                  May 8, 2001

Just what the kids want
 THE CHUCKLE BROTHERS Royal Concert Hall

BYLINE: Neil White

SECTION: Arts & Entertainment: REVIEWS, Pg.11

LENGTH: 196 words


THE day that a custard pie in the face is not funny will surely be the day stage
comedy dies.

Fortunately there is no danger of the very oldest of gags becoming extinct as
long as the Chuckle Brothers are around.

Barry and Paul know just what kids want and they give it to them in spades. A
few of the jokes have been modified for the 21st Century but many are so old my
seven-year -old was shouting the punchlines.

The only time the show diverted was for a luminous puppet show. Frankly, it
didn't work.

Then three dads and a couple of mums were pulled from the audience, already
soaked from water-gun fire, to be the victims of the pies and all was right with
the world.

Get in touch

A SPECIAL event is being staged to encourage people with sight difficulties to
get more use from libraries.

The festival, called A Touch Of..., takes place at Nottingham's Central Library
in Angel Row.

Visitors will be able to find out which books the library stocks in large-print,
Braille and on cassette. There is a wide choice, including thrillers, romances,
children's stories and non-fiction books.

A Touch Of..., takes place at 2pm on Wednesday, May 16. Details on 0115 915
2825.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

                     Copyright 2001 Nottingham Evening Post

                              140 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Selfie at DLT trial is not a Chuckle

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 141 words


THE Chuckle Brothers were slammed last night for tweeting a selfie of themselves
after giving evidence at the Dave Lee Travis trial.

Paul, 66, and Barry Elliott, 69, posed with grinning and shocked faces outside
Southwark Crown Court in London.

One person wrote: "The Chuckle Brothers just won the Tasteless Selfie
competition."

Another added: "Chuckle Brothers' court selfie, bit speechless." The tweet was
later deleted.

The pair - who used the catchphrase "Oh dear, oh dear" - had been called as
defence witnesses by former Radio 1 DJ Travis who denies indecent assault and
sexual assault.

Paul told the jury it was a "complete shock" to hear allegations Travis
indecently assaulted a stagehand during a 1990 Aladdin pantomime they all
starred in.

He said he never heard any claims that Travis, 69, had been inappropriate with
anyone.

The trial continues.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DEAR OH DEAR: Selfie

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DST


                       Copyright 2014 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              141 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                           November 1, 2012 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

ChuckHull brothers are back in the city!;
Much-loved stars of stage and television return ahead of panto

BYLINE: Will Ramsey

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 518 words


InShort The Chuckle Brothers are in Hull ahead of their performance in Sleeping
Beauty at Hull New Theatre.

THEIR dad advised them not to go into showbusiness.

Now, ahead of their 50th anniversary on stage, The Chuckle Brothers are back in
Hull.

The South Yorkshire duo, who are famed for their long-running television show
ChuckleVision, are to appear in Sleeping Beauty at Hull New Theatre.

Running from Thursday, December 6, to Sunday, January 6, at the Kingston Square
theatre, the production will see Barry Elliot, 67, and Paul Elliot, 65,
appearing as court jesters.

The show will also star Lea Marinelli, a 26-year-old New Yorker, as Sleeping
Beauty.

The Qdos Entertainment show marks the brothers' third headlining slot at Hull
New Theatre, with the end of the run marking the start of their 50th year in
showbusiness.

"The audiences here are always superb," said Paul. "And while we haven't got the
script yet, we know what sort of gags we'll be putting in.

"There's a routine we'll be doing this year where we pick someone up and throw
them around the stage, balance them on our heads and all sorts."

The brothers headlined their first Hull New Theatre show in 2006-07, in a
production of Cinderella. Breaking all previous records, the production sold
39,000 advance tickets and took £661,282 at the box office.

Their return to the Kingston Square venue last Christmas in Cinderella sold
43,784 tickets and took £698,017 at the box office.

They both have an affection for Hull and the New Theatre, where they first
performed in 1967 as part of a good old days-style variety show.

"It was all the old songs from Victorian days," said Paul.

"And it was old sketches which we still do today - Army routines, marching, that
comedy part of it is still what we are about.

"We've changed the gags," said Barry. "But we've not changed the way we work.
We've brought them up to date."

Their comedy - which came to national attention in 1987 with the children's TV
programme Chuckle Vision - draws on the music hall tradition.

"It has been handed down," said Paul. "Dad's uncle was the first in the business
and then our older brothers and us."

That family line is now coming to an end, as neither Paul or Barry's children
have gone into showbusiness. "It's not sad for me," said Paul. "Because dad told
us not to go into showbusiness, well, he advised us not to, because it is a
difficult business to be in.

"We got a lucky break, thankfully." At a show in Ashton Under Lyme, where there
were only 28 watching, the duo impressed two people who were to change their
lives.

Barry said: "We worked flat out that night - unbeknown to us there was a BBC
producer and director up in the Gods, who picked up on it and took us to the
BBC."

After half a century on stage, their enthusiasm seems undimmed.

Jon Conway, the executive producer of the Hull New Theatre show, praised the
brothers' "antics, outstanding comedy, and boundless energy".

"We enjoy it, that's why we've kept going so long," said Barry.

Paul said: "It is a job for life.

"We have done it 50 years - whatever job you are doing, if you don't like it you
may as well get out."

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: STARS OF THE SHOW: The Chuckle Brothers will star in the pantomime
Sleeping Beauty at Hull New Theatre with Lea Marinelli. Pictures: Jack Harland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDM


                         Copyright 2012 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved

                              142 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                 Yorkshire Post

                            November 29, 2010 Monday

Free school promoter turns to 'inspirational' Chuckle Brother

BYLINE: John Roberts Education Correspondent

LENGTH: 373 words



HIGHLIGHT: CAMPAIGNERS who want to open up one of the Government's first
flagship free schools in the region have chosen a Chuckle Brother to be their
patron.


Barry Elliott, better known as one half of the Chuckle Brothers comedy duo, has
been chosen as a figurehead for the Rotherham Central Free School (RCFS) plan to
inspire pupils from the town.

The school's principal designate Charlotte Blencowe said he had agreed to
support the project in his home town because he recognised education was a
priority.

Mr Elliott said: "I have met with Charlotte and I think the idea is an excellent
one. People are trying to open these free schools up and down the country and I
am delighted to be involved in something which will hopefully raise standards in
Rotherham."

Miss Blencowe is aiming to open up a free school in the centre of Rotherham by
2012 for 500 pupils. So far 50 parents have expressed an interest in sending
their children to the school but 50 more signatures are needed before an
official bid will be sent to the Government in January.

Miss Blencowe said: "We have set 2012 as our opening date as the sites we have
identified for the school need renovation work and we do not want to be rushing
to get the building ready for next year or having pupils being taught in
temporary classrooms. The idea for Barry Elliott came when we were discussing
positive role models for the children.

"We want to encourage a business ethos and here is someone from Rotherham whose
success has lasted a lifetime. I contacted him and he was very pleased to get
involved."

Miss Blencowe currently works as an assistant head teacher at a school in
Kirklees and has been involved in the future leaders programme which aims to
fast track outstanding teachers into management positions.

Her plan is for a school for 11 to 16-year-olds in her home town which works in
partnership with other further education providers in order to give students
options after they sit their GCSEs.

Miss Blencowe said a sixth form could be developed in future. Two potential
sites have been identified in the centre of Rotherham for the proposed school.

Free Schools are a key part of the coalition Government's education reforms.
Parents and teacher groups who are unhappy with the choice of council-run
schools in their area are being encouraged to open up their own schools which
are funded directly from the Government like academies.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YPOS


                       Copyright 2010 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              143 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                               Lincolnshire Echo

                           November 23, 2010 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Chuckle with TV duo

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 107 words


FAMILY favourites the Chuckle Brothers are bringing their Spring tour to
Lincoln.

The Chuckle Brothers are best known for their kids' TV show ChuckleVision.

In their latest on-stage adventure, Paul and Barry Chuckle arrive at Pigsnorts
School of Magic, where the evil Lord Fonterall is plotting to take over.

The Chuckle Brothers must attempt to spoil his evil and wicked plan and save the
school.

The show will play at the Lincoln Performing Arts Centre on Saturday, March 5,
at 2.30pm and 5.30pm.

Tickets are on sale now, priced £13.50, or £12.50 for concessions.

For more information, visit www.lpac.co.uk or call the box office on 0844
8884414.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LIE


                        Copyright 2010 Lincolnshire Echo
                              All Rights Reserved

                              144 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                           Grimsby Evening Telegraph

                               February 14, 2005

Chuckle brothers delight youngsters

SECTION: News; Ents; Comedy; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 333 words


The Chuckle Brothers Grimsby Auditorium If you have yet to enjoy these comedy
masters, I assure you they are excellent value entertainment.

Four decades of performance have honed their skills to perfection and no wonder
fellow professionals watch them to enjoy their innovative slapstick.

Paul and Barry are the Chuckle Brothers and in this show titled The Pirates Of
The River Rother, the hapless duo stowaway on a cruise ship.

Did I say cruise ship? They make the same mistake - this is a pirate ship
heading for Slack Island to retrieve treasure.

The story is merely a flimsy framework for some classic slapstick routines but
it is impossible not to laugh.

The pirates are actually skilled acrobats and their vaulting display is most
impressive. Plate breaking and creating a yucky mess with flour and water are
inevitable when the brothers are let loose in the ships galley.

Better yet, when the pirate Captain Slack,with his first mate Black Eye, take
the lads on the resulting water pistol fight moves into and among every seat
from stalls to balcony as the audience get a good wetting too.

The show features a little magic that is very well done and a quite marvellous
underwater scene utilising UV lighting and black puppetry to bring colourful
singing and dancing fish, mermaids, lobsters and sharks onto the stage to the
delight of every youngster.

My favourite piece had to be Barry's running gag with his pirate's pet parrot.

It began as an egg, grew to a small bird, then a two foot glove puppet, a four
foot monster and finished as a six foot bright red parrot that carried Barry on
its back.

As ever with these perennial performers, Barry and Paul stayed after the show to
autograph the programme of every last youngster who queued to meet their heroes.

Cracking professionals and well respected, they are well worth a visit if you
encounter the tour elsewhere during your holidays.

Hey - 1,000 children can't be wrong!  David Peasgood

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 2005 Grimsby Evening Telegraph

                              145 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                  Crawley News

                                 March 7, 2012

Tory 'chuckle brothers' told off for sniggering

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 224  words


Two Conservative councillors were compared to comedy duo The Chuckle Brothers
last week - after sniggering during opposition speeches.

Brenda Smith, leader of the Labour Party, hit out at councillors Richard Burrett
and Duncan Crow. She asked "The Chuckle Brothers" to stop interrupting her, when
they were heard laughing while she was trying to speak.

During last Wednesday's meeting, councillors continuously heckled each other.

Despite mayor Carol Eade reminding the councillors not to interrupt each other,
there were frequent outbursts.

Mr Burrett complained that he had been interrupted during his speech on Worth
Park and many councillors continued to talk after their allocated time was up.

Councillors have between three and five minutes to have their say on an issue.
After that time, their microphone switches off, but many councillors carried on
making their point anyway.

Tension was also felt between Mrs Smith and Conservative Jennifer Millar-Smith
who refused to apologise for a comment she made in an article in the News last
month.

We revealed that Mrs Millar-Smith had accepted £1,133 for attending one meeting.

She then questioned why Mrs Smith had accepted £7,039 for leading West Sussex
County Council's Labour group when it has only one other member.

Mrs Smith asked Mrs Millar-Smith to apologise for "maligning" her but she
refused.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 298


                           Copyright 2012 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved

                              146 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                               Grimsby Telegraph

                            November 29, 2010 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Comic pair make children chuckle;
Brothers take time out to meet hospice youngsters

BYLINE: Matthew Dannatt

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 560 words


"TO ME to you!" This pair of jokers certainly helped to raise a chuckle and put
a smile on the faces of poorly youngsters from the St Andrew's Children's
Hospice in Grimsby.

Before taking to the stage at Grimsby Auditorium as part of their UK tour, Barry
and Paul Elliott - better known as the Chuckle Brothers - met a group of very
special youngsters who have all been receiving care at the Peaks Lane centre.

The hospice provides respite care for children with progressive life-limiting
illnesses.

Speaking to the Telegraph, Barry said: "It has been wonderful to come and meet
the kids, they are a really lovely group.

"It really means a lot to be able to come out and the meet the kids before the
show.

"To be able to bring a smile to their faces is just priceless.

"When we got the phone call asking us if we could give five tickets away for the
show, we said 'give them ten and bring them backstage before the show so we can
meet them'.

"From what I have heard from speaking to the parents and the fundraisers
tonight, it is clear that St Andrew's Hospice is a fantastic charity that does
wonderful work for local children and their families.

"They have our full support."

Paul said: "It is always good to come to Grimsby - every time we have been, we
have always been given a really warm welcome.

"There are always great crowds and we have a lot of fun here. The show is a fun,
pantomime-like show. We have Santa Claus and Jack Frost and me and Barry both
play elves.

"There is lots of laughs and there really is something for everyone, so we hope
that the kids and the parents we have met tonight enjoy it."

The brothers spent time with the children, their parents and carers from the
centre, posing for photographs and sharing jokes - with one child's quirky gag
in particular taking Paul's fancy.

"One of the children said 'Why can't crisps do marathons? Because they're
Walkers!' "I like that, we'll try and get that in the show tonight," replied
Paul.

Belinda Watson, whose 22-year-old son Glenn Rusell has Hallervorden-Spatz
disease, a terminal condition which causes progressive degeneration of the
nervous system, said that meeting the Chuckle Brothers had "made his day".

She said: "It has been brilliant for Glenn being able to meet them both.

"He's watched their show for years, so it has meant a lot to him to get to
finally meet them.

"They were very nice and chatted to Glenn for a while and posed for some
pictures - it made his day."

'It has put a smile on their faces' It has been brilliant for the children to be
able to go backstage and meet the Chuckle Brothers.

As soon as soon as they both came down from the stage you could just see the
children's faces light up - it was lovely to see.

Meeting people like this can really boost the morale of the children, it has
really put a smile on their faces.

It was nice to be able to chat to the brothers about the hospice and tell them a
little about what we do.

They were both very accommodating and really good with the kids - they chatted
for a while and posed for some pictures for our website, which was brilliant.

TO YOU TO ME: Barry and Paul Elliott alias the Chuckle Brothers meet youngsters
from St Andrew's Children's Hospice From left, Paris Bullock, Barry Elliott,
Paul Elliott, fundraiser Lisa Courtney, nursing assistant William Drake, Glenn
Rusell and his mother Belinda Watson.

Picture: Abby Ruston

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GRT


                        Copyright 2010 Grimsby Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved

                              147 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                              The Star (Sheffield)

                                 April 28, 2007

Chuckle Brother Paul hurt in crash

LENGTH: 179 words


CHUCKLE Brothers star Paul Elliott doesn't have much to laugh about after a
motorbike smash. The children's TV favourite, from Rotherham, was injured when
he fell off his bike during a family holiday on the Greek island of Kefalonia.

The 59-year-old suffered a broken nose plus cuts and bruises to both legs.

To make matters worse, a passing group of British tourists stopped at the scene
of the accident.

But instead of helping him out, they starting shouting the Chuckle Brothers'
famous catchphrase: "To me, to you."

Elliott explained: "I was feeling like Marlon Brando in the film The Wild One
when suddenly I took this blind and steep curve in the road.

"A shepherd steering goats down the steep road had the goats all over the place.
I knew if I didn't brake and swerve, I would have gone into them.

"As I braked I lost control. The next thing I knew, I was on the floor with the
motorbike on top of me."

A friend of the star said: "A group of British tourists recognised him. As he
was struggling to get the bike off him, he heard chants of 'To me, to you'
followed by laughter."

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              148 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            Birmingham Evening Mail

                             March 4, 2005, Friday

THEATRE: A SPRING SEASON OF STARS

BYLINE: ALEX OTHON DARK COMEDY: Paul Nicholas stars in Jekyll and Hyde; THE
CHUCKLE BROTHERS

SECTION: First Edition; FEATURES; Pg. 67

LENGTH: 302 words


NIGEL Havers, The Chuckle Brothers and Paul Nicholas are just a few of the big
names descending on the Midlands to showcase their thespian skills.

Wolverhampton's Grand Theatre has announced an impressive line up of shows for
its 2005 spring season.

Nigel Havers stars as Maxim De Winter in Daphne Du Maurier's classic masterpiece
Rebecca from March 21 - 26. Best known for Hitchcock's big screen adaptation,
director Patrick Mason will no doubt deliver the same breathtaking suspense and
intrigue to the stage version, before it is taken to the West End and New York.

JB Priestley's thriller An Inspector Calls appears from March 15 - 19. The
winner of more awards than any other play in history, it will feature Nicholas
Day as the unflappable Inspector Goode.

Jekyll and Hyde The Musical, a Broadway smash hit, plays from March 28 - April
2, starring Paul Nicholas, while the dark comedy Arsenic and Old Lace featuring
Sylvester McCoy runs from May 23 - 28. More light-hearted productions include
the energetic Summer Holiday from April 19 - 23, and the laughter filled The
Play What I Wrote appears from April 11 - 16, featuring a special mystery guest
star each nightThe UK's biggest variety show A Night At The Music Hall with
Cannon and Ball will entertain from April 25 - 30, and Abba Mania returns by
popular demand, from June 27 - July 2.

Lesley Joseph stars in another Broadway hit Thoroughly Modern Millie from June
14 - 25, while the almighty hit Jesus Christ Superstar fills the needs of
musical fans from May 9 - 21.

The Chuckle Brothers will tickle the funny bone with the swashbuckling adventure
Pirates of the River Rother from April 5 - 10.

. The Grand Theatre is at Lichfield Street, Wolverhampton. Box Office 01902 42
92 12 or log onto www.grandtheatre.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2005 Midland Independent Newspapers plc

                              149 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                              The Star (Sheffield)

                            February 3, 2014 Monday

Rotherham's Chuckle Brothers give evidence in Dave Lee Travis sex assault case

LENGTH: 67  words


One of South Yorkshire's Chuckle Brothers has told a court it was a complete
surprise' to hear claims veteran DJ Dave Lee Travis indecently assaulted a stage
hand at a pantomime they were starring in.

One of South Yorkshire's Chuckle Brothers has told a court it was a complete
surprise' to hear claims veteran DJ Dave Lee Travis indecently assaulted a stage
hand at a pantomime they were starring in.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NSST


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              150 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                Hull Daily Mail

                            August 1, 2015 Saturday

SECTION: FEATURES:OTHER; Pg. 12-13

LENGTH: 741  words


From Chuckle Brothers to   flying frogs  there's  an eclectic mix of events
happening in East Yorkshire

1Planet Circus,   West Park

Prepare to be amazed - not to mention made to feel a little queasy - by the
spectacular stunts of this family of death-defying daredevils - including the
wall of death and Europe's youngest stunt driver. Hang on to your lunch.

West Park, Anlaby Road, Hull, from Wednesday, August 5, to Sunday, August 9, 4pm
to 9pm. Visit www.planetcircus.net

2The Chuckles   of Oz

To me, to you, to Dorothy, The Tin Man, the Cowardly Lion and the Scarecrow as
Paul and Barry follow the yellow brick road to Oz for their own particular brand
of summer silliness for all the family. Who needs flying monkeys when you've got
The Chuckle Brothers?

The Spa Bridlington, South Marine Drive, Bridlington, Every Sunday in August,
7.30pm. Tickets £10 child, £14.50 for adult, £50 family ticket. Call 01262
678258. Visit www.thespabridlington.com

3Sky Ride - Zebra to Alpacas

Follow in the footsteps (or pedal pushes) of Chris Froome and ride from one
species to another on this flat, eight-mile loop of Hull as part of the Sky Ride
series of cycle challenges. Perfect for families who want to explore two of
Hull's great parks and the city around them, it starts at the zebras in Pearson
Park, them follows the traffic-free path before linking up with the National
Route 65 cycle path to East Park. There is time for drinks, snacks and a quick
lap of the park to look at the alpacas and llamas there before the ride makes
its way back to Pearson Park.

Starts Queen Victoria Statue, Pearson Park, Beverley Road, Hull. tomorrow, 10am.
Visit www.goskyride.com

4Bridlington   Carnival

Join the parade and celebrate from town to cliff top in Bridlington. With
stalls, games, Punch and Judy show, dog show, morris dancers, martial arts
demonstrations, rides, and performances, this carnival could be the biggest,
free event on the east coast.

Cliff top between Limekiln Lane and Sewerby, tomorrow, from 11am to 5pm. Call
08458 335846. Visit www.bridlingtonlions.org.uk

5History Makers - A Very Big House in the Country

No, Blur are not in town, but come prepared to build your dream house out of
Lego at Hull library. Colour, construct, glue, bejewel, and make your own
house.

Hull History Centre, Worship Street, Hull, today, 9.30am to 12.30pm. Free entry.
Call 01482 317500. Visit www.hullhistorycentre.org.uk

6Humber Bridge Farmers' Market & Craft Fair

Whether you're looking to buy meat, fresh fruit and veg from regional growers,
or for a handmade gift made by a local crafts artist, you're sure to find
something to suit your taste and budget at the Humber Bridge Craft Fair.

Humber Bridge Viewing Area, Ferriby Road, Hessle. Free entry. Tomorrow, 9am to
1pm. For more details, call 01430 860070 or visit www.humberbridge  events.co.uk

7Yum!   Food Festival

Two days of tasty street food, culinary talent, organic local produce, celebrity
chefs including former Corrie favourite Sean Wilson and a bustling market of
world flavours. From traditional dishes to exotic spices - stay local and taste
the world.

Hull City Centre, from Friday, August 7, to Saturday, August 8, 10am to 6pm.
Call 01482 611802. Visit www.yumfestival.co.uk

8Japanagram,   Artlink Hull

Hull-based illustrator Elizabeth Fortnum reflects on two years of living and
working in Hokkaido, Japan, in this exhibition that's well-worth checking out. A
combination of colourful collage, traditional Japanese woodblock prints,
drawings, paintings, souvenirs and photography - an imaginative introduction to
Japan and its culture.

Artlink, Princes Avenue, Hull. Now until Saturday, September 5, 10am to 4pm.
Call 01482 345104. Visit www.artlink.uk.net

9Royal Yorkshire Yacht Club Annual Regatta

Witness the yachts set sail from Bridlington Harbour, racing to win in this
spectacular annual regatta.

Windsor Crescent, Bridlington, from Saturday, August 8 to Saturday, August 15.
Various times for each day of the regatta. For full details of timings visit
www.ryyc.org.uk

10Toadily awesome   weekend

The famed Larkin Toads will be making a welcome return this week, alongside a
brand new toad, a new toad trail to follow and a giant floating toad above the
city centre. If flying frogs are your thing then get ready to enjoy the
amphibious shenanigans heading your way. For more details see the feature on
page four.

At venues across Hull from Wednesday, August 5. Visit www.toadsrevisited.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chuckles of Oz. Paul and Barry (Chuckle Brothers) are pictured.
Japanagram at Artlink
Submitted for sport
Hippie Chick has just arrived back in Grimsby having swept the board at the East
Coasts Premier regatta at Bridlington.
Picture Submitted: Contact: Date: 16/08/2011 Keywords:
HDM ERM NEWS DANNY LONGHORN **WITH VIDEO** 17-08-14
Sky Ride Hull, was held at the side of Hull City Hall on Paragon Street, close
to Queen Victoria Square. Pictured is Sky Riders taking part in the event.
Pictures: Kate Woolhouse
Prints can be ordered from www.thisisphotosales.co.uk/hullandeastriding or call
08444 060 910
DEACJ20120228E-001_C.JPG Picture: Alex Cantrill-Jones Contact: Chico 07944991773

Pictured front to back is Reni and Lenke of the Nisselly sisters from the
'Planet Circus' Circus on Bass' recreational ground.
HDM ERM NEWS 07-02-10 HU-70389K11 The Humber bridge farmers market, at the
Humber bridge car park, Hull. Picture: Kate Woolhouse
Classic entertainment. Rob Burnetts Original Punch and Judy Theatre generated
laughter among the crowd who gathered to watch the show at the Westbury Park
Festival street party.
Picture Steve Roberts Reporter: Emily Koch July 4 2009
Bristol News & Media
House prices, building, lego. JOHN FFOULKES XAA02709_JF_04
Former Coronation street actor Sean Wilson SMJB20140817A-086_C.jpg #msshow

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved

                              151 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                            Derby Evening Telegraph

                             April 18, 2006 Tuesday

It's laughs all the way

SECTION: Pg. 19

LENGTH: 260 words


What:  The Chuckle Brothers in Doctor What and the Return of the Garlics.

WHERE: Derby Assembly Rooms.

WHEN: Today 2pm and 5pm.

TICKETS:  Sold out.

BOX OFFICE: 01332 255800.

MADCAP double act The Chuckle Brothers are off on another adventure - this time
into space.

And their unusual holiday turns into something even more exciting when they end
up in a battle between good and evil.

But, being the inimitable Chuckle Brothers, they still end up finding time along
the way for egg and chips and a cup of tea.

It should be more fun-packed family entertainment for fans of the comic duo.

But if you haven't got your tickets already then don't bother turning up because
each of the two shows at the Assembly Rooms are sell-out successes.

Brothers Paul and Barry Chuckle (whose real names are Elliot) have been
entertaining people from an early age.

The youngest in a family of eight, they started out by putting on shows for
friends and neighbours in the back garden of their home in Rotherham.

It was the start of a career that eventually saw them moving on to perform in
pantomime, cabaret and television.

They got their really big break in  1995 when they recorded Chucklehounds for
the BBC.

This was followed by the hugely successful Chucklevision, loved by audiences for
its slapstick humour and the brothers' outlandish adventures.

The brothers have also presented their own gameshow, From Me To You, which was
named after their well-known catchphrase.

They are regular visitors to the Derby Assembly Rooms and they have a loyal set
of fans who have turned out in force today.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Derby Evening Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved

                              152 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                              Sheffield Telegraph

                             August 17, 2014 Sunday

Chuckle Brothers in Sheffield for book signing

LENGTH: 124  words


People are invited to meet South Yorkshire comedy favourites The Chuckle
Brothers when they appear in Sheffield.

The children's television favourites from Rotherham - 69-year-old Barry Elliott
and his brother Paul, aged 66 - are appearing at WHSmith, on Fargate, to sign
copies of their new book.

Fifty Years of to Me... to You - named after their famous catchphrase - marks
half a century on stage for the pair.

A spokesman for publisher World's Fair said: "This is their story, written by
Paul with a little help' from Barry. The Chuckle Brothers are all about fun and
laughter, but behind the scenes they have endured their personal tragedies as
well, as you see in the book."

The book signing takes place on Saturday, September 13, from noon.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NSTE


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              153 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                               Skegness Standard

                             August 8, 2014 Friday

The Chuckle Brothers are back in town

BYLINE: Lee Croft

LENGTH: 144  words


The Chuckles Brothers are back at Skegness's Embassy Theatre this Tuesday,
(August 12).

They return with their new show, A 2014 Space Oddity.

In this show Paul and Barry visit a toy shop to buy some water pistols.

While trying them out, they notice a toy space ship which they get into.

"Don't touch anything", the shop keeper shouts out. "Especially that button".

"This button?", they ask. "Yes", he replies. But Being The Chuckle Brothers they
can't resist it and press the button.

All sorts of noises go off. "Oh Dear, Oh Dear", they cry out, as they magically
and accidentally go into space on a new adventure.

The show starts at 7pm.

To book tickets visit the Embassy Theatre box office in person during normal
opening hours, book online at www.embassytheatre.co.uk or call the theatre
booking office on 0845 674 0505.

Tickets cost £16, family tickets priced at £53.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MSKP


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              154 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Mirror

                            February 4, 2014 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

DLT is a 'jolly great chap';
Chuckle Brothers defend grope claims star

BYLINE: ADRIAN SHAW

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 400 words


THE Chuckle Brothers yesterday told a court they never heard any sexual abuse
complaints against DJ Dave Lee Travis when they appeared together in panto.

Paul and Barry Elliott described the former Radio One DJ, accused of groping
women, as a true professional who left straight after each show.

Travis, 68, allegedly attacked a young stage hand in his dressing room when he
starred as the evil wizard Abanazar in Aladdin at a Sussex theatre in the 90s
alongside the comedy brothers.

Jurors were told the abuse only stopped when the Chuckle Brothers walked past
his partly opened door and one shouted: "All right Dave?"

Stephen Vullo, defending, asked Barry, 69, if he noticed "inappropriate
behaviour" by Travis during the show's run. He replied: "No.

"He was just jolly, a great chap to work with. As far as I remember, he
performed fine. It was great. Everybody seemed to get on. He was just like
everybody else."

When the lawyer asked Paul if he noticed anything untoward about Travis, he
said: "No, I don't. It's a complete surprise. I'm sorry, I don't.

"He was very professional. He seemed to go home straight away after the show and
that was it."

Jurors at Southwark crown court heard the stage hand complained to a colleague,
but decided not to take things further as Travis was a star and she feared she
would lose her job.

However, the court was told an informal arrangement was put in place to have the
female chorus chaperoned and the women in the crew kept away from Travis. But
Paul said: "I have never known that, not that I recall. I think I would
remember. I don't think my memory is that bad. I would have thought if something
like that happened, everyone in the show would have been told about it."

A carnival queen also claimed Travis groped her in the 70s when he opened a
Hertfordshire hospital radio station. But Angela Mallory-Starks - a teenage DJ
at the time - told the court she was present at the event and saw nothing.

She said: "The whole of the time I had my eyes on him because he was the star.
It didn't happen. He was with his wife. I was watching him the whole time. It's
nonsense."

The claims do not form part of the charges againsthis wife. I was watc whole
time. It's n The claims part of the ch Travis. He denies 13 charges of indecent
assault and one of sexual assault by touching in relation to 11 young women and
teenage girls. The trial continues.

adrian.shaw@mirror.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COMEDY Brothers with DJ in Aladdin
DAY IN COURT Barry, left, and Paul. Inset, Travis

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMR


                            Copyright 2014 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              155 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                           December 15, 2012 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Chuckle Brothers back in town It's nearly Christmas. [...]

SECTION: THE GUIDE;FEATURES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 678 words


Chuckle Brothers back in town It's nearly Christmas. Oh yes, it is. Oh no it
isn't. Oh yes it ...

Oh never mind. With the build-up to the big day in full swing, there is no
better time to indulge in a spot of festive theatre and, with the Chuckle
Brothers back in town for a second year running, the gags are flowing at Hull
New Theatre. Now, no yuletide is complete without the sight of Barry Chuckle in
his underpants at least once. Mixing magic, melodrama and gags galore, it's
worth a look. Oh yes it is ...

Hull New Theatre, Kingston Square, Hull, until Sunday, January 6. Tickets from
£16 to £23. Call 01482 300300.

A night of Christmas comedy Musical maestro Mitch Benn will be headlining a
night of Christmas comedy in Pocklington on Thursday. The Radio Four favourite
will be joined on the bill by Russian comic Vladimir Dimitri Kockov and Trevor
Organ. Pocklington Arts Centre, Market Square, Pocklington, Thursday, 8pm.
Tickets £12.50. Call 01759 301547. Visit www.pocklingtonartscentre.co.uk Fun
twist on classic family tale Dick Whittington discovers the streets aren't quite
paved with gold in this new fun family panto from Hull's Middle Child Theatre
Company, running at Fruit, from Thursday. Laughs and satire will combine for a
festive twist. For a full interview with writer Dave Windass, see page 4. Fruit,
Humber Street, Hull, from Thursday to Sunday. Tickets £7/£5. Call 01482 221113.
Visit www.middlechildtheatre.co.uk Search for bravery and brains Follow the
Yellow Brick Road all the way to Hull Truck this Christmas as Dorothy, the Lion,
the Tin Man and the Scarecrow make their way from Hessle, yes Hessle, to the
magical land of Oz in a search for bravery, brains, a heart and the route home.
A heartwarming festive show. Hull Truck, Ferensway, Hull, runs until Sunday,
January 13. Tickets from £12. Call 01482 323638. www.hulltruck.co.uk Best of
Cash's songs Did the Man In Black do any Christmas songs? Now's the time to find
out when top Hull tribute band Keep It Cash play the best of Johnny's songs in
Hessle, next Saturday.

Hessle Town Hall on Saturday, December 22, 7.30pm. Tickets £12. Call 01482
648566. Visit www.keepitcash.net Whirlwind retelling of fairytale It's a case of
hair today, gone tomorrow, as TaleGate Theatre present their panto Rapunzel at
the Junction, Goole, tonight for the last time this year. We're told to expect
"a whirlwind retelling of the classic fairytale featuring all the elements of a
traditional pantomime; slapstick, popular music and laughs a-plenty". The
Junction, Paradise Place, Goole, today, 7pm. Tickets £7.50/£5. Call 01405
763652. Visit www.junctiongoole.co.uk Magic of music at Christmas There will be
plenty of chance to get in festive voice when the East Yorkshire Motor Services
Brass Band joins forces with Hull Choral Union at Hull City Hall, on Wednesday,
for a programme of carols and Christmas music. Hull City Hall, Wednesday,
7.30pm. Tickets from £10. Accompanied school children £1. Call 01482 300300.

Loads of laughs in Neverland You will believe a boy can fly and that pirates can
be very naughty indeed when Howden hosts its own panto, Peter Pan, tonight.
Featuring filmed sections, swashbuckling duels and lots of laughs in Neverland.
Shire Hall, Market Place, Howden, today, 7pm. Tickets £8/£4 under-12s. Tickets
available from Touchwood Homecare, Howden.

Festive screening of tear-jerker Frank Capra's classic tear-jerker It's A
Wonderful Life, starring Jimmy Stewart, will be getting a festive screening at
Hull Truck, this week. A Christmas cracker. Hull Truck, Ferensway, Hull, on
Friday, 8.15pm, and Saturday, noon. Call 01482 323638. Tickets £5.50. Visit
www.hulltruck.co.uk Find out who the real beast is at pantomime Who is the real
beast, the scary big monster or the good-looking bully Gaston? Now is the chance
to find out as Beauty And The Beast arrives at Bridlington Spa with Big Brother
winner Craig Phillips cast against type as Beauty's villainous suitor Gaston.

The Spa, South Marine Drive, Bridlington, until Sunday, January 6. Tickets from
£13.50. Call 01262 678258.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDM


                         Copyright 2012 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved

                              156 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Mirror

                          September 13, 2005, Tuesday

DARREN FULLERTON: MARK LAWRENSON

BYLINE: DARREN FULLERTON

SECTION: Ulster Edition; SPORT; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 51 words

HIGHLIGHT: You mark Ruud... I'll take Rooney; Oh dear, oh dear


AFTER watching BBC pundit Mark Lawrenson dissect Newcastle United's defensive
frailties on Match of the Day, one question struck me...

Are Newcastle defensive partners Titus Bramble and Jean-Alain Boumsong the most
over-rated, cringeworthy, embarrassing comedy double act since The Chuckle
Brothers?

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Copyright 2005 MGN Ltd.

                              157 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Lancashire

                                 August 9, 2004

There will be plenty of chuckles at panto

LENGTH: 160 words


THEY are promising "laughter all the way" for this year's major pantomime in
Manchester - Dick Whittington And His Cat.

With family favourites the Chuckle Brothers starring with Hi de Hi stalwart
Jeffrey Holland who played Spike in the TV series as the Dame it is a promise
that should be fulfilled at the Opera House.

And Holland will have a special reason to be in happy mood.

He is soon to marry his partner of eight years Judy Buxton who plays the Good
Fairy in the Show.

With the Chuckle Brothers leading the way mayhem knockabout comedy and huge
laughs should be guaranteed.

Helen Noble from Hollyoaks - she plays Abby - is Alice Firzwarren in the panto.

Paul Elliott produces. He has worked for 40 years as a producer and produced or
co-produced more than 60 West End Shows.

And he has produced more than 300 pantomimes in the UK and abroad.

Dick Whittington And His Cat runs from December 11 to January 2005.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2004 NewsQuest Media Group Limited

                              158 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                 Yorkshire Post

                            January 21, 2014 Tuesday

Chuckle Brothers saved me from groping DLT'

LENGTH: 456  words


A FORMER stage hand who was allegedly groped by veteran DJ Dave Lee Travis while
he was appearing in a pantomime has told a court her ordeal ended when they were
interrupted by children's entertainers the Chuckle Brothers.

Former Radio 1 presenter Travis, now 68, was playing "evil uncle" Abanazar in
Aladdin, which also featured Chuckle Brothers Barry and Paul Elliott, London's
Southwark Crown Court heard.

The woman, who cannot be identified for legal reasons, said she did not report
what happened as she thought she could lose her job.

Giving evidence from behind a screen, the woman said she had gone into Travis's
dressing room, as she had often done before, when he assaulted her without
warning.

She told jurors: "I was about to go and he was suddenly behind me.

"He's a big chap and he engulfed me and he had his hand on the door above me.

"He put his other hand down the front of my jogging bottoms.

"He was touching me from top to bottom."

Asked by prosecutor Miranda Moore QC where his hand went, the woman said: "I
believe it was over my genitalia. I don't think it went inside my pants."

The witness said that getting out of the door became her "complete focus" as she
struggled to escape.

She went on: "It felt like a long time but I think it was only a matter of
moments before I managed to get the door open.

"He was pushing it over the top of my head. He was a lot stronger than I am."

She said that after opening the door slightly: "I heard someone say alright
Dave', at which point he released me."

The woman said she was then aware the voice belonged to one of the Chuckle
Brothers who were walking along the corridor towards the dressing room.

The woman, who was aged 21 at the time of the alleged incident in the early
1990s, said she rushed away and told a supervisor about what had happened.

"I was really obviously shaken up. Confused and scared and just in a bit of a
state really."

She said her colleague agreed that she would not have to go into Travis's
dressing room again for the rest of the show's run and they discussed whether to
take the issue further.

She told jurors: "We decided that because it was my first job in theatre it
wouldn't be me who was going to be believed.

"I think I felt that even if someone believed me, which I didn't, it still
wouldn't be me that kept my job."

The theatre later decided that female workers should not be left alone with
Travis during the show's run, the court heard.

The former BBC presenter, who is on trial under his real name, David Patrick
Griffin, denies 13 indecent assaults and one sexual assault, dating back to 1976
and the height of his fame.

Dressed in a grey woollen blazer and maroon shirt and tie, he listened to the
proceedings from the dock with the aid of headphones.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NLYP


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              159 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                             Chelmsford Weekly News

                             March 22, 2015 Sunday

Chuckle Brothers and friends head to Chelmsford for special Easter holiday
performances

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 453 words


With the Easter Holidays just around the corner, it's just the time to start
making plans!

At Chelmsford City Theatres, there is something to suit all tastes and ages this
Easter, from The Chuckle Brothers to the Philharmonia Orchestra!

For the kids, audiences can prepare for a family fun packed show at the Civic
Theatre with The Chuckles of Oz, starring the hilarious Chuckles Brothers on
Thursday 9 April.

Audience members are invited to join Dorothy, The Tin Man, the Cowardly Lion,
the Scarecrow and the Wizards (Paul and Barry) for this sensational new version
of the familiar Wizard of Oz story.

The show is packed with audience participation, laugh-out-loud comedy and
spectacular sets, costumes and special effects.

The family fun doesn't stop there, as Singalonga Frozen will be coming to the
Civic Theatre on Wednesday 8 April at 6.30pm.

With the earlier show at 3.00pm having completely sold out, the public are urged
to book fast for the remaining show, which consists of a screening with lyrics
of the Disney favourite, Frozen!

Audience members are invited to dress up as their favourite Frozen characters
and help Elsa and Anna by singing along with all the hits!

For the adults, there is also a wide variety to entertain during the Easter
break.

For those interested in classical music, the M&G Philharmonia Orchestra Strings
concert at the Civic Theatre on Sunday 29 March is the perfect way to spend an
evening out.

The concert showcases the talents of the Philharmonia's concert master,
Zsolt-Tihamer Visontay, including pieces composed by Mozart, Bach and Strauss.

The renowned award-winning author, radio and TV personality Gervase Phinn will
be coming to the Civic Theatre on Wednesday 1 April for an evening of hilarious
tales and anecdotes about his life as a schools inspector in the Yorkshire
Dales.

With his keen ear for the absurd and sharp eye for the ludicrous, Gervase Phinn
has delighted audiences all over the UK with stories of his experiences as a
school inspector.

And there is no better way to spend the last day of the Easter school holidays
than with an evening celebrating the music and life of one of the greatest
singers of our time in Whitney - Queen Of The Night on Sunday 12 April.

This production features a stellar line-up with rising West End star Rebecca
Freckleton delivering a powerhouse and breathtaking performance as Whitney
Houston.

Audience members can enjoy a lively and exciting night out which includes
performances of classic hits such as I Wanna Dance With Somebody, I'm Every
Woman, My Love Is Your Love, Run To You, I Will Always Love You and many more.

To book tickets for any of these shows, visit www.chelmsford.gov.uk/theatres or
call the Box Office on 01245 606505.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              160 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Evening Gazette

                             April 11, 2014 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

It's Easter - and panto is back;
FAMILY FUN AT THE THEATRE

SECTION: WHATS ON;FEATURES; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 354 words


HERE'S fun for all the family at local theatres in the week ahead.

t the Chuckle Brothers will be at Billingham's Forum Theatre tomorrow with their
hilarious new show, A 2014 Space Oddity.

Paul and Barry visit a toy shop to buy some water pistols. Whilst trying them
out they notice a toy space ship - and they get in. "Don't touch anything" the
shop keeper shouts out, "especially that button!". But the Chuckle Brothers
can't resist it, press the button and are suddenly off on a space adventure.

There are performances at tomorrow at 2pm and 5pm.

Tickets £14, family ticket £52. Details on 01642 552663 or
www.forumtheatrebillingham.co.uk ¦ Charles Dickens meets Roald Dahl via Horrible
Histories in Grisly Tales from Tumblewater at ARC on Friday, April 18.

Welcome to Tumblewater. Not that it's a very welcoming place - unless you're an
undertaker or an umbrella salesman. Caspian Prye, the twisted landowner,
controls everything and everyone; even the police.

Into this world stumbles Daniel Dorey, a fearless orphan armed only with his
wits and stories. Can he bring down Caspian Prye? Can he rescue the girl in the
distant room? Can he even stay alive long enough to tell his tales? Edward
Jaspers, co-writer of Hamlet! The Musical, performs this one-man adaptation of
Bruno Vincent's deliciously dark novel - which was nominated for the 2010
Waterstone's Children's Book Awards.

Tickets are price £6, family £20, details 01642 525199 or at www.arconline.co.uk
¦ And panto fun returns to Dar-lington Civic Theatre next week - oh yes it does!

Peter Pan will be at the venue on Saturday, April 19 and Sunday, April 20. The
show stars Tracey Beaker's Dani Harmer and legend Bobby Davro.

Join Wendy, Michael and John as they take off to Neverland with the boy who
never grows up.

Take part in their adventure and meet a fantastical range of characters along
the way; Tinker Bell, the Lost Children, Tiger Lily, Nana the dog, mermaids,
pirates, Smee and, of course, the deadly Captain Hook.

Tickets are adults £16.50 and £18.50, children £14.50 and £16.50, family ticket
£65.

Details from 01325 486555 or visit www.darlingtoncivic.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Chuckle Brothers, above, are in Space Oddity at the Forum Theatre,
Billingham
Dami Harmer and Bobby Davro bring back the panto with Peter Pan at Darlington's
Civic Theatre next week

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EGM


                    Copyright 2014 Gazette Media Company Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              161 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Mail (London)

                            December 14, 2007 Friday

NOW THE NORTHS A REAL RIOT WITH THE CHUCKLE BROTHERS

SECTION: IRE; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 258 words


WHO would have thought the horror of the bloody Northern conflict would end not
with a bang, but a giggle?

After the IRA ground their Semtex into election posters, the Paras packed up
their Troubles in their old kit bags and even the UVF have agreed to put away
those rusty old pistols it looks like the Chuckle Brothers are the only show in
town.

Whenever Big Ian and Merry Marty appear nowadays, the audience half expects a
burst of Bring Me Sunshine, à la Morecambe and Wise.

And nobody seems to know what initially got the Norths First Minister and his
deputy tittering into history.

Did Big Ian demand: Is that a gun in your pocket, or are you just glad to see
me?

But what chance now a bit of publicity for the leaders of the Norths hapless
minor parties, what with the mirthful ministers hogging the spotlight?

Mark Durkan of the SDLP will have to don a clown suit, change his name to
Dunkin' Durkan and perform at Edinburghs Fringe Festival.

And is it any wonder Reg Empey of the Ulster Unionists has such a pained look
these days. We always said the dour unionists who banned football and drink (the
devils buttermilk) on Sundays needed to lighten up but this is ridiculous.

Just look at the face of that old firebrand Paisley in our series of pictures.

But behind the guffaws, it isnt all sweetness and light. There is still a trace
of the old No Surrender in Big Ian as he insists he has never shaken hands with
his deputy.

Now that would send out a strong message in this season of peace and goodwill to
all men or do we have to wait another 38 years?

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: (1) Friends of the stars: With Richard Attenborough and Shirley
MacLaine (2) Cutting edge humour: The Chuckle Brothers at Belfasts new Ikea
store (3) Its the way he tells em: Having a giggle after being sworn into office
(4) Grinning for a living: With powerful US businessman John S. Gilbertson of
AVX (5) If they can make it there: Taking the Norths interests to Big Apple
Corporation (6) Another gaffe, Mr President? Merry Marty keeps George Dubya and
the First Minister entertained (7) Wheres the sliotar?: With Trent Johnston and
Kyle McCallon (8) Of course youll be president: Having a laugh with Hillary
Clinton while visiting (9) A pair of oul sods: Look Ian, this is where we dumped
the ArmalitesWashington

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2007 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              162 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            Herald Express (Torquay)

                                 July 21, 2000

Comedy kings crown summer

SECTION: What's On Now, Pg.8

LENGTH: 163 words


IT'S summertime - and that means one thing for Torquay's Princess Theatre: let
the season begin.

Shane Ritchie is getting funky from this week as his Sunday night spots at the
Princess kick off.

The star of shows suc h as Grease and Boogie Nights brings his humour and music
to the Bay every weekend from July 23 until August 27.

For kids big and small who love the Chuckle Brothers, Monday 24 will be circled
in the diary because that's the day when they roll into town with their zany
brand of humour. They work the Monday night slot until August 28.

Then, beginning on July 25, it's the main event. Comedy Bonanza is on from
Tuesdays through Saturdays every week until September 30.

The show, which broke records in Blackpool last year, features Cannon and Ball,
Frank Carson, Johnnie Casson and Bucks Fizz, still going almost two decades
after their Eurovision triumph in 1981. Full details and bookings through the
box office at the Princess on 01803 290290.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: STAR TURN: Cannon and Ball and Bucks Fizz - two of the stars on the
bill for a full summer of light entertainment in the Bay The Chuckle Brothers.
Frank Carson.

                         Copyright 2000 Herald Express

                              163 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                  Crawley News

                                 March 31, 2010

Chuckle brothers head for the hawth

SECTION: Pg. 39

LENGTH: 133 words


"TO Me, to you." Plenty of children (and adults) will be familiar with the
refrain of the legendary Chuckle Brothers.

Now, the veteran stars of kids' TV are coming to the stage, to bring their own
brand of laughs and mayhem to Crawley.

Get ready for laugh-out loud silliness at its best as the much-loved brothers,
Paul and Barry Chuckle, come to The Hawth for two shows on April 24.

The Chuckle Brothers will reminisce all about their 21 years on television, with
a few surprises along the way for members of the audience.

You might even get to appear on stage with the brothers for some fun and games.
The show is suitable for ages 5+, with performances at 2pm and 5pm.

Tickets priced £13.50 (child £12.50) are available from the box office on 01293
553636 or you can book online at http://www.hawth.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 298


                           Copyright 2010 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved

                              164 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                   Irish News

                            April 28, 2007 Saturday

Chuckle Brother crashes motorbike

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 211 words


Chuckle Brothers star Paul Elliott doesn't have much to laugh about after a
motorbike smash.

The children's TV favourite was injured when he fell off his bike during a
family holiday on the Greek island of Kefalonia on Thursday.

Paul and brother Barry are the stars of BBC1 show Chuckle Vision.

The 59-year-old suffered a broken nose and cuts and bruises to both legs.

His Chuckle vision has also been hampered by a black eye.

To make matters worse, a passing group of British tourists stopped at the scene
but instead of helping him out they starting shouting the Chuckle Brothers'
famous catchphrase: "To me, to you."

Elliott explained: "I was feeling like Marlon Brando in the film The Wild Ones
(sic) when suddenly I took this blind and steep curve in the road.

"To my horror, a shepherd steering goats down the steep road had the goats all
over the place.

"I knew if I didn't brake and swerve, I would have gone into them.

"As I braked I lost control and I'm not sure exactly what happened.

"The next thing I knew I was on the floor with the motorbike on top of me."

A friend of the star said: "Paul's main embarrassment was when a group of
British tourists recognised him.

"As he was struggling to get the bike off him, he heard chants of 'To me, to
you' followed by laughter."

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The Irish News Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              165 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                The Bristol Post

                            February 21, 2011 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

A top Chuckle on a grey day;
RE VIEW RE VIEW

BYLINE: JON BENNETT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 224 words


The Chuckle Brothers in Barry Potty & His Full Blood Brother Paul in The Ghostly
Shadows: Hippodrome THERE was more than a touch of magic at the Hippodrome
yesterday as the Chuckle Brothers returned to Bristol on just the second date of
their newly revived Barry Potty show The Ghostly Shadows.

Chuckle fans are familiar with the pair's 'to me to you' style, and the flow of
the performance came as no surprise to the audience, who eagerly lapped up every
joke and naughty nuance, as well as the food fights, water sprays, tricks and
tunes.

The Chuckle Brothers have a very visual kind of humour (the less said about the
vibrating globe, the better), and Barry Potty & His Full Blood Brother Paul has
something for everyone. The amount of people keen to queue up to meet the pair
after the show is testament to that.

The CBBC veterans are never alone in their efforts to entertain the whole
family, and mention must be made of their faithful supporting cast including the
Patton brothers, Jimmy and Brian, who play a brilliant Bumblebore and heinous
villain Folderol, and Jayne and Stuart Loughland, who were model students at
'Pigspots' School as well as mystifying everyone with their marvellous magic
act, Safire.

What better than a good old Chuckle to brighten up a miserable February
afternoon. You'd have been 'Potty' to miss it.

8/10 JON BENNETT

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EPB


                    Copyright 2011 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              166 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                            December 4, 2007 Tuesday

National: Political briefing Chuckle Brothers head for White House

BYLINE: Michael White

SECTION: GUARDIAN HOME PAGES; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 432 words


Things have gone so well for Northern Ireland lately that it rarely gets into
the news at all. With the Chuckle Brothers arriving in New York last night on a
five-day investment trip to the US, the province might even get an outbreak of
positively good publicity. In case you'd missed it, the Chuckle Brothers are Ian
Paisley and Martin McGuinness, former diehard enemies through 30 years of the
Troubles, now first minister and his deputy in the devolved executive.

Feted all the way to the White House by Irish-America they will meet President
Bush there on Friday.

It is all little short of astonishing. British ministers whisper that since last
May's historic rapprochement the DUP's Paisley has discovered that he both likes
and trusts Sinn Fein's McGuinness. They even claim he trusts Gordon Brown more
than he did Tony Blair. Be that as it may, prosperity is creeping out beyond
Belfast's shiny city centre and Down's rich Gold Coast, awash with BMWs.
Northern Ireland remains over-dependent on its huge public sector, but jobs and
investment are growing. Whitehall refuses to cut local corporation tax to the
same level as in Dublin where the Irish Times occasionally now calls "The North"
by its legal name.

But even curmudgeons are cautiously optimistic. In October dissident republicans
beat 21-year-old Catholic, Paul Quinn, to death in Co Monaghan after he refused
to "take the boat" to England. But the DUP did not use it as an excuse to walk
out of the "mandatory coalition" where it usually gangs up with Sinn Fein to
quell dissent from rump unionists and the SDLP, the outflanked constitutional
parties. This week, one Sinn Fein politician quit in disgust. Paisley is
denounced from his own church's pulpit and a breakaway DUP party is threatened.
But in the new pragmatic mood, where no one wants a return to violence, no one
blinks. Didn't the Big Man attend the book launch for Dana, Derry's Eurovision
song winner-turned-MEP? Didn't McGuinness, former IRA commander, travel to see
the Pope in a British embassy car sporting that Union flag?

More to the point, Sinn Fein's involvement in running the reformed police
service is accepted as genuine, though Catholic recruitment remains weak. Hardly
surprising when both working class communities still live in sectarian ghettos
behind 30 big walls. A new wall opened last month.

But the Quinn murder means that the DUP will not allow Whitehall to devolve
police and justice powers to the Stormont assembly by next May as Blair's St
Andrew's agreement stipulates. "Not while the IRA army council still exists,"
one DUP politician says.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              167 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                               Leicester Mercury

                                 April 9, 1999

Cut-priced Chuckle Brothers and reduced Shakespeare

SECTION: Showbiz: Variety, Pg.11

LENGTH: 295 words


THERE'S a double dose of cut-price comedy in store for readers with our latest
exclusive offer.

We are offering GBP 1 off full-priced tickets for two shows - the Chuckle
Brothers at the De Montfort Hall on Thursday, April 15, and A Midsummer Night's
Dream at the Little Theatre on Saturday, April 17.

Children's TV favourites the Chuckle Brothers will be presenting their latest
show, Trouble Again.

The pair decided a long time ago that they would aim for the children's market,
and they have made it into an art form.

"The kids like us, we like them - we are comfortable with the way the act has
evolved, and more importantly we have become famous doing that," they told The
Week.

They made their name with Chucklevision, the knockabout TV show which featured
that infuriating 'Chuckle Chucklevision chant'. Whatever the grown-ups may have
thought, the show endeared them to a young audience.

The duo followed this up with the BBC comedy quiz To Me To You and have since
become regulars on the panto and variety circuits.

They will be performing two shows at the De Montfort Hall on April 15 - at 2pm
and 5pm. The voucher above, left, will save you cash on the 2pm show.

The De Montfort Hall box office can be contacted on 233 3111.

Last year's panto at the Little Theatre was an enjoyable romp, thanks to some
fine performances.

Among the stand-outs was Karen Gordon, who stars as the fairy queen Titania in
the theatre's latest production, a Midsummer Night's Dream.

This is one of the most enchanting and witty of Shakespeare's comedies.

The production opens on Monday and runs until April 22.

The voucher above right will save you GBP 1 on a ticket for the matinee
performance on April 17.

The Little Theatre box office can be contacted 255 1302.

- MIKE POLANYK

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                        Copyright 1999 Leicester Mercury

                              168 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                  The Northern Echo (Newsquest Regional Press)

                            December 23, 2013 Monday

Chuckle Brothers enjoy tea break during hectic day

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 153 words


THE Chuckle Brothers took time out from guest editing the Christmas Eve edition
of The Northern Echo to enjoy a quick cup of tea and a natter.

The stars of Aladdin, at Darlington Civic Theatre, popped into Samantha's Diner,
in the covered market, before Monday's (December 23) matinee show.

Samantha Blackham, who runs the diner, was just eight and part of the MT Laundy
Dance School, in Darlington, when she took part in the Chuckles' first
Pantomime, also Aladdin, at the theatre, back in 1985. Paul and Barry Elliott -
known to millions as The Chuckle Brothers - have become household names through
their iconic children's programme Chucklevision.

They have worked in practically every field of entertainment from television,
pantomime, summer season, clubs, cabaret, touring revues, circus and even an
ice-show.

Aladdin runs until Sunday, January 12.

Tickets are available from the box office or by calling 01325-486555.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              169 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                            February 4, 2014 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Chuckle Brothers 'surprised' BYTRAVIs claims

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 173 words


THE Chuckle Brothers have told a court it was "a complete surprise" to hear
claims DJ Dave Lee Travis indecently assaulted a stage hand at a pantomime they
were starring in.

Children's entertainers Paul and Barry Elliott starred alongside Travis in a
production of Aladdin in the early 1990s, London's Southwark Crown Court heard.

Travis, who was playing "evil uncle" Abanazar in the show, is accused of
indecently assaulting a female crew member in his dressing room during the
panto's run.

The woman has previously told the court her ordeal ended when they were
interrupted by one of the Chuckle Brothers walking past in the corridor.

Paul Elliott, 66, was asked by Stephen Vullo, defending Travis, whether he
recalled any inappropriate behaviour by the former Radio 1 star. Mr Elliott
replied: "No sorry, I don't. It was a complete surprise."

Barry Elliott, 69, described Travis as a "jolly great chap to work with".

Travis, 68, from Buckinghamshire, denies indecently assaulting 10 women and
sexually assaulting another. The case continues.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJN


               Copyright 2014 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              170 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                          Huddersfield Daily Examiner

                             April 15, 2011 Friday
                                  1ST Edition

It's Chuckle time

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 102 words


CHILDREN'S favourite madcap comedy duo the Chuckle Brothers are preparing to
entertain children during half term.

They come to St George's Hall, Bradford, on Monday with their Barry Potty and
his full blood brother Paul in the Ghostly Shadows show.

Join Paul and Barry Chuckle as they arrive accidentally at Pigsnorts School of
Magic where the evil Lord Fonterall is plotting to take over the school.

It's silly but the usual Chuckle Brother band of humour as seen on TV screens
since the 80s.

The show takes place on Monday, April 18, at 2.30pm. Tickets are pounds 12.50
from the Box Office on 01274 432000.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  ¦ FUN: Chuckle Brothers Barry Potty and his Full Blood Brother Paul in
The Ghostly Shadows

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: hx


                           Copyright 2011 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              171 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                               Leicester Mercury

                            February 19, 2007 Monday

Brothers deliver chuckles the audience love

BYLINE:  The Chuckle Brothers

SECTION: Pg. 21

LENGTH: 186 words


The Chuckle Brothers delivered their timeless brand of comedy to a near-capacity
audience at Leicester's De Montfort Hall yesterday and left them laughing - and
cream-covered - in the aisles.

The South Yorkshire duo, now in their 20th year with their ChuckleVision
television series,  gave the audience what it wanted -   slapstick,  panto-style
pranks and masses of audience participation.

From the moment they delivered their Helloooooouh catchphrase, Paul and Barry
Elliot were on-song.

The brothers, who headed a talented ensemble cast which delivered magical
interludes and entertaining fluorescent puppetry, have a genuine ability to
connect with their young audience.

The show was a tale of Chuckle Brothers meets Ghostbusters, as the brothers took
on the task of clearing a haunted hotel of its unwanted ghosts and ghoulies -
and, yes, they did the one about being caught by the ghosties.

A series of prop and sound effects failures, which seemed to genuinely amuse the
pair, brought some of the biggest laughs of the afternoon.

Their ease in dealing with the unexpected only served to endear them to their
audience.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Leicester Mercury
                              All Rights Reserved

                              172 of 500 DOCUMENTS

               UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Local London

                                 June 15, 2005

Chuckle Brothers heading for the high seas

BYLINE: Christine van Emst

SECTION: Reviews

LENGTH: 353 words


It's all a matter of timing and luck it seems as to whether you make it in
showbiz or not and how big you make it as well. For the Elliot brothers it's
been a slow burn with a few moments boiling over and getting attention only to
have the heat turned off.

But now established as one of the UK's prime entertainment duos for children
Paul and Barry better known as the spiky-haired Chuckle Brothers are reaping the
benefits of their success. After winning New Faces in 1974 a TV talent show of
the old fashioned format without all the hype of X-Factor etc the brothers trod
water in the comedy pool for a few years until BBC gave them a break with The
Chucklehounds. Later having ditched the dodgy doggy costumes Chucklevision came
to our screens in 1987.

The rest as they say is history for the two brothers from a Rotherham family of
eight. Their humour is a bit Laurel and Hardy and a bit Morecambe and Wise but
its key to success is the very visual slapstick content. The kids love them and
the brothers knew they had made it when they spawned a catchphrase "from me to
you".

Their live show tours are always well received often selling out venues. Their
new show Pirates of the River Rother grabs on to the shirttails of the
successful movie Pirates of the Caribbean. The ghosts the ship and the treasure
are all in the plot but don't think Johnny Depp and Jack Sparrow think Captain
Redbeard and Horatio Nelson Slacking. The bungling brothers go swashbuckling in
true calamity clown style.

Add to this an ultra violet scene that features Shellfish Presley and you know
exactly where I'm coming from. Although coy about revealing their ages Barry the
small one is happy with their lot and recently dismissed any rumours of their
retirement. He said: "We don't want to retire we still have ideas for future
shows. We are happy with where we are and we know our market. We are genuinely
grateful for our enduring success."

l Pirates of the River Rother

Ashcroft Theatre Fairfield

Sunday June 19 at 2.30pm and 5.30pm

£15 and £13.50 020 8688 9291 or visit www.fairfield.co.uk.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2005 NewsQuest Media Group Limited

                              173 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                             January 5, 2007 Friday

Brothers bring chuckles to children's centre

SECTION: Pg. 15

LENGTH: 257 words


W Hull: The Chuckle Brothers brought laughter to a children's centre.

The comedy duo were the guests of honour at a renaming ceremony at the former St
John's House in Walker Street.

Now known as Sunshine House, the centre provides specialist care for children
with multiple physical and learning disabilities.

Chuckle Brothers Barry and Paul took a break from their pantomime duties at Hull
New Theatre to bring smiles to the faces of the children who attend the centre.

The Cinderella stars signed autographs, posed for photos and put on their
popular "to me to you" routine.

Jackie Griffiths, centre manager, said: "It is fantastic the Chuckle Brothers
have taken the time to come and see us.

"The centre will have  a massive impact on the children, as they understand they
can come here to have fun and enjoy themselves.

"Parents know they can leave their children in a safe environment and are
confident with the care given by the nursing staff, which enables them to relax
at home.

"Caring for the children is a difficult job and we are dedicated to this cause."

He said most children at the centre suffer from the most complex forms of
epilepsy and brain injuries and the service gave parents a short break from
care.

Run by registered nurses, it has 10 beds and 45 families on its books.

Sunshine House is funded by the NHS and there are also fundraising schemes for
play and sensory equipment.

The centre's new name was chosen in a parents' competition.

Winner Kelly Lundie said: "This place is the sunshine at the end of the tunnel
for my son Max."

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved

                              174 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                Cornish Guardian

                                 July 28, 2005

It's chuckles all the way for panto time

SECTION: Features; Arts; Theatre; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 367 words


It was chuckles galore on the Plymouth Hoe with the launch of the Theatre Royal
Plymouth's pantomime Jack and the Beanstalk starring the Chuckle Brothers. With
a giant beanstalk wrapped around Smeatons Tower and Daisy the pantomime cow
joining the Chuckle Brothers Paul and Barry (real name Elliott), it was fun and
frolics on the Hoe, with youngsters watching as the Chuckles larked around for
photographers.

At the launch last week Paul said: "We love performing in the South West and
can't wait to be in Jack and the Beanstalk at the Theatre Royal.

"It's going to be great entertainment for all the family. We'll have you rolling
in aisles with laughter." Joining The Chuckle Brothers in Jack and the Beanstalk
will be Jason Pethers as Fleshcreep, and appearing as Dame Trot is the
outstanding and traditional panto dame, Tudor Davies. Bringing a touch of
glamour to the production is the very talented Roni-Elizabeth Hart as The Fairy.

Many years ago a legendary Cornishman called Jack the Giant Killer is said to
have rid Wales of all its troublesome giants.

It is from this tale that the story of Jack and the Beanstalk is thought to have
been handed down.

In the pantomime, Jack is a poor and idle lad whose mother, Dame Trot, is trying
to raise money by selling the only thing they have left, Daisy the family cow.

Jack doesn't want to sell her, but on the way to the market, he is persuaded to
part with her for a bag of magic beans which mother throws out of the window in
her fury when he returns.

In the morning, a giant beanstalk has grown outside the house and a wicked giant
lives at the top.

He sends down his henchman, Fleshcreep, who captures the Princess Jack is in
love with. Jack is determined to rescue the princess and enlists the help of a
couple of Giant Killers - The Chuckle Brothers - to help him slay the giant and
free the princess.

After a terrible battle with the giant, the Princess is freed, Jack chops down
the beanstalk, the giant falls to his death and everyone lives happily ever
after! Jack and the Beanstalk runs from Friday, December 16 to Saturday, January
21, 2006. Tickets from the Theatre Royal Box Office on 01752 267222.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                       © Copyright 2005 Cornish Guardian

                              175 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            Birmingham Evening Mail

                            August 5, 2000, Saturday

MICRO CHIPPER: SWEET DAY OF LAUGHS

SECTION: Pg. 40

LENGTH: 87 words


YOU'VE got to chuckle! It was all smiles at Cadbury World recently, when fifteen
Chipper Club members and their families were guests at a VIP launch by TV's The
Chuckle Brothers.

The funnymen officially opened Cadbury Land, a new pounds 2 million electronic
family show attraction.

The lucky winners had a tour around the Bournville factory before attending the
launch, and being presented with a Cadbury goody bag.

Pictured with the Chuckle Brothers is Tate Sullivan, from West Heath, with his
mum and dad

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2000 Midland Independent Newspapers plc

                              176 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (England)

                           January 22, 2014 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

DLT stopped groping when Chuckle Brother said "All right, Dave?;
CELEBRITIES IN DOCK: DAY 6

BYLINE: CHRIS POLLARD

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 196 words


Brother walked past and said "All right, Dave?" allowing her to flee, a jury
heard yesterday.

Travis - a BBC Radio 1 star at the time - acted as pantomime baddie Abanazar
alongside the slapstick duo in a production of Aladdin in the early 1990s.

The woman, now in her 40s, told jurors: "I had gone into his dressing room to
return a prop. As I was leaving, he engulfed me. He put one hand on the door
above my head, and the other down my jogging pants. I got the door open
slightly.

"I heard someone say 'All right, Dave?' He released me instantaneously.

It was the Chuckle Brothers.

I rushed past them."

She said female cast members were banned from being alone with DLT because he
had "a reputation for manhandling women". Earlier, a camerawoman told London's
Southwark Crown Court Travis squeezed her bottom on the Top of the Pops set in
the 1980s, when she was in her 20s.

And a former carnival princess told jurors Travis, 68, groped her at a hospital
radio station in the early 1970s, when she was 19.

Travis - real name David Griffin - denies 13 counts of indecent assault and one
of sexual assault on girls as young as 15 between 1976 and 2008. Case continues.

irishsun@the-sun.ie

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Accused . . Travis at court yesterday
Panto role ... DLT and Chuckle Bros in show promo pic

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUN


                    Copyright 2014 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved

                              177 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                 Skegness News

                                  June 7, 2006

Chuckles will go 'To Me - To You' at Embassy

LENGTH: 243 words


IN their new show the Chuckle Brothers are causing their usual mayhem in Doctor
What and the Return of the Garlics.

The show, which will appeal to children of all ages, especially the new
generation of Doctor Who fans, will be staged at the Embassy Theatre, Skegness,
on Saturday, June 17.

Doctor What and the Return of the Garlics sees Paul and Barry set off on a
galactic trip thinking it is nothing more than an unusual holiday. But, as ever,
they accidentally end up landing themselves in lots of trouble.

Chucklevision first hit the TV screens in 1987, when the nation's children
rushed home from school to catch Paul and Barry performing their hilarious
slapstick comedy, and uttering those immortal words 'To Me - To You'.

Seventeen years later and the Chuckle Brothers have become legends to children
all over the country, and anyone under the age of 30!

There will be two showings of Doctor What and The Garlics on June 17. The 5pm
performance has already sold out, but there are still tickets available for the
performance at 1.30pm.

l Call the Embassy box office on 01754 768333 or online at
www.embassytheatre.co.uk

Email us your reviews. CLICK HERE

To find out the news in Alford, JUST CLICK HERE

Skegness & Area - your BIG guide, JUST CLICK HERE

Need help creating your family tree, JUST CLICK HERE

Find out news from Spilsby, JUST CLICK HERE

Discuss the news in our on-line forum, JUST CLICK HERE

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: English

                      © Copyright 2006 Johnston Press Plc

                              178 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Hampshire

                                  May 23, 2005

Great line-up of shows for kids

SECTION: Whatson

LENGTH: 336 words

DATELINE: Hampshire; Basingstoke


THE Anvil has a terrific line-up of children's shows in June that will be
perfect to keep children - and adults - entertained.

The Chuckle Brothers are back on Friday June 3 in Pirates of the River Rother
after their very successful visit last year.

This swashbuckling adventure is packed with pirates ghosts fun and calamity when
the bungling brothers Paul and Barry Chuckle get into all sorts of trouble as
they search for the famous hidden treasure trove of Slack Island.

It was in 1985 that the Chuckles got their big break when the BBC commissioned
13 episodes of The Chucklehounds. They have been on the television ever since
with Chucklevision and To Me To You.

They tour with a new show each year and also appear in pantomime every
Christmas.

So whether you are two or 102 don't miss this hilarious escapade which is fun
for all the family.

All tickets for The Chuckle Brothers are priced at £10.

Everyone's favourite postman is back with another special delivery on Saturday
June 4 at 3.30pm and Sunday June 5 at 10.30am and 1.30pm.

Postman Pat returns with his feline friend Jess the Cat in a brand-new show
packed full of fun excitement and adventure to deliver the mail whatever the
challenge.

Joining them live on stage are Ted Glen Pc Selby Mrs Goggins Ajay Bains with
Julian Clifton and friend Meera Bains.

Set in Greendale this delightfully entertaining and educational show with lively
songs and audience participation is the perfect show for two to six-year-olds.

Postman Pat (pictured) has seen something of a revival following the first new
series for more than 20 years on BBC1 and CBeebies. Since airing in September
2004 it has captivated more than 25 million viewers.

Tickets for Postman Pat are priced at £8 for children and £9.50 for adults with
a family ticket priced £32 and discounts for groups of 10 or more.

To book contact The Anvil box office on 01256 844244 log on to
www.theanvil.org.uk or use the ticket fax on 01256 366900.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                 © Copyright 2005 NewsQuest Media Group Limited

                              179 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                           February 5, 2015 Thursday

Everyone was chuckling away except, unfortunately, Red Ed

BYLINE: Caroline Woollard

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 385 words


PMQs turned into something of a chuckle-fest but the only person not laughing
appeared to be one Edward Samuel Miliband.

Try as he might to pin down the Tory toff on how Dave's loadsamoney friends in
the City were being allowed to avoid tax, the PM was able to dodge the Miliband
barbs because he had been provided with some ready-made gags courtesy of, er,
the Labour frontbench past and present.

The parting shot of an aide to the Welsh Assembly Labour leader, Carwyn Jones,
was to liken the chief comrade to one of the Chuckle Brothers.

But to add insult to Labour injury, one of the Chucklers responded by quipping
that he would never want to be called an Ed Miliband. (NB the Chuckle Bros
didn't even complain when Messrs Paisley and McGuinness were compared to them.)

As Flashman rolled off how former Blairite ministers had cast aspersions about
the chief comrade's policies, he asked: "Is it any wonder that the Chuckle
Brothers have lodged an official complaint and said they don't want to be
compared to the two clowns opposite."

If that was not enough, Ed Balls's unfortunate lapse of memory over the name of
a Labour supporter from the world of business also helped Blue Dave dodge the
tax dodge question.

He barked: "The day after his Shadow Chancellor was asked on the television
whether he could think of one single business leader (who supported Labour), do
you know what he said?

"He said: 'Bill somebody.'

"Bill somebody's not a person, bill somebody's Labour's policy!"

The Tory berserkers went, yes, berserk with glee. The comrades slunk deeper into
their seats as the Miliband hole got deeper and deeper and deeper.

Ed stiffened his back and kept on stoically about the hedge fund tax avoiders,
but daylight was fast beginning to disappear as the Prime Minister asked if one
of Labour's biggest donors, who had avoided tax by making a gift to Labour in
shares, had given the taxpayers their money back.

There then followed a slanging match over your party donor was a bigger tax
exile than my party donor, by which time Red Ed's hedge fund dodgers' point had
dissipated into thin air.

Meantime, during all the blue-red dinging and donging, the SNP contingent
appeared to be in a state of transcendental nirvana with glazed smiles on their
faces, the Ashdown poll numbers still singing in their heads.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HER


                      Copyright 2015 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved

                              180 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Mirror

                            March 21, 2012 Wednesday
                                 3 Star Edition

A CHUCKLE BROTHERS SCHOOL? YOU'RE HAVING A LAUGH;
U-TURN ON PLANS

BYLINE: MARK ELLIS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 152 words


CHUCKLE Brother Barry Elliott won't be laughing after ministers sank his plans
to open a Free School.

Barry, 66, who co-stars in TV's Chucklevision with his brother Paul, 63, hoped
to set up the taxpayer-funded Rotherham Central Free School in the South
Yorkshire town where he grew up.

His son's girlfriend Charlotte Blencowe, 30, was due to be head teacher at the
100-pupil school, which got government approval and was meant to open in
September.

Education Secretary Michael Gove said it would be "outstanding" - but now
ministers have decided the school was not "progressing sufficiently" and pulled
the plug.

Stephen Twigg MP, Labour's Shadow Education Secretary, said yesterday: "Michael
Gove should have thought twice about approving plans being fronted by one of the
Chuckle Brothers. Our children's education is not a joke.

"The Government must explain how much money has been wasted on this failed
project."

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SCHOOL'S OUT J Barry, Charlotte NO JOKE n Paul, left, and brother Barry

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2012 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              181 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                              Liverpool Daily Echo

                           October 23, 2007, Tuesday
                                  1ST Edition

WIN a spooky Chuckle Brothers DVD;
WET Weekend

SECTION: COMPETITION/OFFERS; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 290 words


LAUGH until you scream!

Therearespooky goings onwhen famous brothers, Paul and Barry Chuckle, bring
their uniquebrand of entertainment toDVD!

Recorded liveduring their 2007 sell out tour, the Chuckle Brothers go off to
visitalong lost relative. However, when they arriveat their hotel they findalot
morethanthey bargained for!

Spooky ghosts areeverywhereand the brothers volunteer tohelp the hotel manager
rid the placeof the ghouls.

Before long they arecausingmayhem and merriment while chasing out the ghosties
and creating havoc throughout the hotel.

Featuring a free Hallowe'en theme gift (a Hallowe'en Pumpkin disc)

' The Chuckle Brothers SpookyGoings OnLive ' is out on DVDnow, courtesy of
Liberation Entertainment. This is the second DVDrelease from the Bafta
nominated, long-standing comedy duo, best known for their hugely successful BBC1
series, Chuckle Vision.

And Time Off hasmanaged toscareup 10copies of the DVDtowin.

Just tell us the name of Paul and Barry's successful BBC1 series.

Toenter: Call 0901 229 1237 leaving your answer tothe abovequestion, your name,
address, age and daytime telephone number.

Or text: Key in LETIME followed by a spaceand then your answer, name, address,
age and telephone number, sending your text to 84080.

Termsand Conditions

Callswill cost 25p at all times, although network chargesmay vary. Text messages
are charged at 25p plus standardmessage rate, and this service is available
toall networks. Number of entries per person is not limited. Usual competition
rules apply. The competition is not open toLiverpool ECHO employees and their
families. Lineswill be open from noon today andwill closenoon, October 30. All
correct answerswill becollated in a computer databaseandwinnerswill be selected
at random.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 The Liverpool Daily Post & Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              182 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                            i-Independent Print Ltd

                                February 4, 2014
                                 First Edition

Chuckle brother's surprise at alleged Travis assault;
COURTS

BYLINE: David Mercer and Jennifer Cockerell

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 327 words


One of the Chuckle Brothers has told a court it was "a complete surprise" to
hear claims that veteran DJ Dave Lee Travis indecently assaulted a stage hand at
a pantomime they were starring in.

Children's entertainers Paul and Barry Elliott starred alongside Travis in a
production of Aladdin in the early 1990s, London's Southwark Crown Court heard.

Travis, who was playing "evil uncle" Abanazar in the show, is accused of
indecently assaulting a female crew member in his theatre dressing room during
the panto's run.

The woman, who was 21 at the time of the alleged incident, previously told the
court that her ordeal ended when they were interrupted by one of the Chuckle
Brothers walking past in the corridor.

Giving evidence today, Paul Elliott, 66, was asked by Stephen Vullo, defending
Travis, whether he recalled any inappropriate behaviour by the former Radio 1
star. Mr Elliott replied: "No sorry, I don't. As I say it was a complete
surprise."

Mr Elliott, who starred in BBC children's television series Chucklevision with
brother Barry, said Travis was "very professional" during the panto.

Asked whether he was aware of any formal or informal arrangement to chaperone
female staff members around Travis, Mr Elliott replied: "Not that I recall, not
at all."

Mr Elliott said he and his brother would have been made aware of such a policy
as they were "top of the bill".

The comedian said he did not recall any incident when a female stage hand had
left Travis's dressing room. Mr Elliott was warned by Judge Anthony Leonard
after using the word "we" to recall his time in the panto.

"Please bear in mind it's your memories we're after," the judge said.

Travis, 68, from Buckinghamshire, is accused of indecently assaulting 10 women
and sexually assaulting another in incidents dating back to 1976. He denies all
the charges.

Former BBC producer David Tate, who worked with Travis in the 1980s, replied
"absolutely not" when asked if the DJ was a "sexual predator".

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: III


                    Copyright 2014 Independent Print Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              183 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                      The Argus (Newsquest Regional Press)

                            February 3, 2014 Monday

Chuckle brothers surprised at DLT Crawley pantomime

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 146 words


A children's entertainer has told a court it was "a complete surprise" to hear
claims veteran DJ Dave Lee Travis indecently assaulted a stage hand at a
pantomime they were starring in.

Paul Elliott, one half of the Chuckle Brothers, starred alongside Travis in a
production of Aladdin in the early 1990s in Crawley, a crown court heard.

Travis, who was playing "evil uncle" Abanazar in the show, is accused of
indecently assaulting a female crew member in his theatre dressing room during
the panto's run.

The woman, who was 21 at the time of the alleged incident, has previously told
the court her ordeal ended when they were interrupted by one of the Chuckle
Brothers walking past in the corridor.

Mr Elliott said Travis was "very professional" during the panto.

The comedian added he did not recall any particular incident when a female stage
hand had left Travis's dressing room.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              184 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                              DAILY MAIL (London)

                           January 22, 2014 Wednesday

CHUCKLE BROTHERS SAVED TRAVIS VICTIM'

BYLINE: BY NO BYLINE AVAILABLE

LENGTH: 124 words


DAVE Lee Travis sexually assaulted a woman backstage at a pantomime and only
stopped when he was interrupted by the Chuckle Brothers, a court heard
yesterday.

The former Radio 1 DJ, who was playing evil wizard Abanazar in Aladdin in
Crawley, West Sussex, pinned the 20-year-old against the door of his dressing
room and thrust his hand inside her tracksuit bottoms, it was said.

Southwark Crown Court was told she managed to force the door open just as the
comedy duo were walking past. The Chuckle Brothers, whose real names are Barry
and Paul Elliott, were said to have stopped to talk to Travis, although they
cannot recall the incident.

Travis, 68, denies 13 charges of indecent assault and one of sexual assault.

The trial continues.

© Daily Mail

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2014 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              185 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                                January 8, 2003

Kings Of Swing Are An Explosive Pleasure

SECTION: Features; General; Listings; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 214 words


Tonight: Queen Rocks - Queen tribute act return to the Limelight with a set
fullof the band's many hits.

Limelight Club, Crewe, 9.30pm 01270 251929 Aladdin - Traditional panto mayhem,
starring the Chuckle Brothers and Signal 1's Andrew and Louise.

Regent Theatre, Hanley, 7.30pm 01782 213800 TOMORROW: King Pleasure and the
Biscuit Boys - The UK's very own kings of Swing perform an explosive set of
rhythm and blues.

New Vic Theatre, Basford, 7.30pm 01782 717962 Aladdin - Traditional panto
mayhem, starring the Chuckle Brothers and Signal 1's Andrew and Louise.

Regent Theatre, Hanley, 1.15pm and 7.30pm 01782 213800 The John Young Band -
Theformer Asia keyboard player performs prog rock with ex-members of The
Scorpions,Arena and Deacon Blue.

Limelight Club, Crewe, 9.30pm 01270 251929 National Youth Orchestra of Great
Britain - prestigious orchestra which includes some of the cream of the
country's musical talent performs works from Mozart, Takemitsu, Britten and
Shostakovich with conductor Tadaaki Otaka.

Victoria Hall, Hanley, 8pm 01782 213800 Simon Nicol and Dave Swarbrick Folk
music from two seasoned performers with a long association with the Cuckoo's
Nest Folk Club.

Cuckoo's Nest Folk Club, The Swan, Leek, 8.30pm 01538 385260 Caption:

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2003 The Sentinel (Stoke)

                              186 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                              Retford Times series

                               February 17, 2011

Chuckle brothers go potty in show

SECTION: Pg. 26

LENGTH: 107 words


Laughter-lovers are invited to join Paul and Barry Chuckle in their latest
hilarious adventure when they appear at the Majestic Theatre.

Barry Potty and his full blood brother Paul arrive accidentally at Pigsnorts
School of Magic, where the evil Lord Fonterall is plotting to take over the
school!

Will he win and stop the chuckle brothers in their attempt to spoil his evil and
wicked plan?

Featuring ghosts, ghouls and spectacular magic in this exhilarating band new
show.  Guaranteed fun for all the family.   The Chuckle Brothers is on Thursday
February 24 at 2.30pm and 5.30pm.  Tickets are £12.50 each.  Call the box office
on 01777 706866.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 91


                    Copyright 2011 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              187 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                            Scarborough Evening News

                                December 5, 2007

Chuckles to switch on lights

LENGTH: 143  words


TV and Scarborough Futurist favourites the madcap Chuckle Brothers will switch
on the Christmas tree lights at a pub in Seamer this Saturday.

Paul and Barry will turn on the lights at the Copper Horse Restaurant and Pub in
Main Street, Seamer, at 5.30pm. Rob Lazenby, manager of the Copper Horse, said:
"We are thrilled that they will be the guest stars at the switch on of our
Christmas lights. "It's a very special time of year, particularly for families,
so everyone is very welcome to attend our event as The Chuckle Brothers and the
staff of the Copper Horse create a little Christmas magic." The Chuckle Brothers
are performing at the Futurist Theatre in their production of Aladdin on Friday
and Saturday. Police warnings over possible health and safety dangers put an end
to any idea of a celebrity switch-on for Scarborough's town centre Christmas
lights.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              188 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                Derby Telegraph

                            February 4, 2014 Tuesday

Chuckle Brother's shock over claims about Travis

SECTION: NEWS:OTHER; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 262  words


ONE of the Chuckle Brothers has told a court it was 'a complete surprise' to
hear claims veteran DJ Dave Lee Travis indecently assaulted a stage hand at a
pantomime they were starring in.

Children's entertainers Paul and Barry Elliott starred alongside Travis in a
production of Aladdin in the early 1990s, London's Southwark Crown Court heard.

Buxton-born Travis, who was playing 'evil uncle' Abanazar in the show, is
accused of indecently assaulting a female crew member in his theatre dressing
room during the panto's run.

The woman, who was 21 at the time of the alleged incident, has previously told
the court her ordeal ended when they were interrupted by one of the Chuckle
Brothers walking past.

Giving evidence yesterday, Paul Elliott, 66, was asked by Stephen Vullo,
defending Travis, whether he recalled any inappropriate behaviour by the former
Radio 1 star.

Mr Elliott replied: "No, sorry, I don't. As I say, it was a complete surprise."

Mr Elliott, who starred in BBC children's television series Chucklevision
alongside his brother, Barry, said Travis was "very professional" during the
panto.

Asked whether he was aware of any formal or informal arrangement to chaperone
female staff members around Travis, Mr Elliott replied: "Not that I recall, not
at all. I think I would remember."

The comedian said he did not recall any particular incident when a female stage
hand had left Travis's dressing room.

Travis, 68, from Buckinghamshire, is accused of indecently assaulting 10 women
and sexually assaulting another. He denies all the charges and the trial
continues.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved

                              189 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                South Wales Echo

                          February 22, 2007, Thursday
                               News Extra Edition

We don't need Keystone Kops

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 324 words


Down in Cogan, Penarth it's quiz time. Question: If you dial 999 because of anti
social behaviour who would you expect to see? A. The Police. B. The Penarth
Lifeboat. C. The Fire Brigade. D. The Chuckle Brothers. Answer: If you pay your
TV licence of pounds 131.50p you are guaranteed to see the Chuckle Brothers on
CBeebies every day. If you pay the pounds 126.42p included in the Vale of
Glamorgan Council Tax for the South Wales Police in an average Band D house you
will also get the Chuckle Brothers.

The reality is that there are kids on the streets of Cogan drinking underage,
taking drugs from dealers, shouting abuse at old ladies and running amok in our
streets.

But where are the police when you call them? Because this anti-social behaviour
is not deemed an emergency, we are encouraged to dial 029 2022 2111, where you
will eventually get through to the police call centre in Barry and a patrol
dispatched, if there is one in the area, by which time the initiative has been
lost.

When the police turn up the youths laugh in the face of authority because they
know their so-called rights. For my money I want full time police officers
turning up, not the police community support officers acting like the Keystone
Kops.

I want the Full Monty because I pay for the Full Monty.

The police should not be a laughing stock at the expense of today's youth but a
credible deterrent. If you report a sighting of individuals smoking drugs in a
car and then they drive off, it doesn't appear to be a problem.

Isn't it just the same as drinking and driving? To put this into perspective I
have volunteered to organise a Neighbourhood Watch scheme in my area and I can't
even get through to the organisers because they are only open Monday, Wednesday
and Friday between 9am and noon in Canton Police Station, Cardiff.

Surely they should be contacting me, not vice versa. Please help me to help my
community! Gareth Dibble Brangwyn Close, Cogan, Penarth

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              190 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Hampshire

                                  May 11, 2004

Chuckle along to family fun.

BYLINE: Joanne Mace (author email newsdesk@basingstokegazette.co.uk)

SECTION: Whatson

LENGTH: 163 words

DATELINE: BASINGSTOKE



THE legendary Chuckle Brothers bring some half-term fun to The Anvil in a brand
new adventure for 2004.

Barry Potter, and his brother Paul, appear in The Chamber of Horrors on Friday,
June 4 at 12.30pm and 3.30pm.

Paul and Barry Chuckle return to the stage in a spectacular show full of magic,
wizardry, laughter, fun and potions - plus cust-ard pie throwing!

When Barry Potter starts arguing with his brother Paul about who is the best
wizard, you can bet there's chaos ahead.

But disputes about magic wands will be to be set aside as the fearless brothers
face their most terrifying challenge of all, against the dark and disturbing
forces at work in the Chamber of Horrors!

Tickets for The Chuckle Brothers are currently priced at GBP 7.50 for children
and GBP 8.50 for adults.

A family ticket costs GBP 30 for two adults and two children. Call The Anvil box
office on 01256 844244, use the website www.theanvil.org.uk or the ticket fax
01256 366900.


LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2004 NewsQuest Media Group Limited

                              191 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                            Nottingham Evening Post

                           December 11, 2007 Tuesday

Review: Chuckle brothers, Royal concert hall, by Patrick astill

SECTION: Pg. 20

LENGTH: 237 words


Tonight we enjoyed a panto with a difference.

Instead of a new audience visiting each night, with the Chuckles' Aladdin it's
the venue that changes as the show tours the UK.

So for one night only we were treated to a welcome reprise of some of the
Chuckle Brothers' best and most popular routines, lapped up by a packed house of
all ages.

From the opening routine, which sees the boys launch their shopping into the
stalls, to an audience-participation version of Goldilocks and the Three Bears
at the end, the show rattled on at pace, with the story filling in nicely
between the songs and laughter.

The rest of the cast includes magical duo Safire and a host of familiar faces to
Chuckle Brothers fans, as they were fresh from the last touring party, Spooky
Goings On 2.

The boys have a very knowing, warm and affectionate relationship with their
audience and whether they're addressing the kids, the mums or the dads, there's
always the feeling they'd be your pals if they weren't on stage.

Getting the parents up on stage rather than some children at the end of the
panto for some fun is a great twist on what's expected and while Paul and Barry
treat them like children in some ways - calling the last one back for more and
more goodies - no one is being made a fool of except for the professional fools
from the telly.

From start to finish it's the perfect vehicle for the genuine talent of a superb
pair of variety performers.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Nottingham Evening Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              192 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                      Coventry Evening Telegraph (England)

                            April 28, 2007 Saturday
                                Nuneaton Edition

Chuckle brother in fall from motorbike

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 180 words


CHUCKLE Brothers star Paul Elliott (left) doesn't have much to laugh about after
a motorbike smash.

The children's TV favourite was injured when he fell off his bike during a
family holiday on the Greek island of Kefalonia on Thursday.

Paul and brother Barry are the stars of BBC1 show Chuckle Vision.

The 59-year-old suffered a broken nose plus cuts and bruises to both legs - and
his Chuckle vision has been hampered by a black eye.

To make matters worse, a passing group of British tourists stopped at the scene
of the accident.

But instead of helping him out, they starting shouting the Chuckle Brothers'
famous catchphrase: "To me, to you."

Elliott explained: "I was feeling like Marlon Brando in the film The Wild Ones
when suddenly I took this blind and steep curve in the road.

"To my horror, a shepherd steering goats down the steep road had the goats all
over the place. I knew if I didn't break and swerve, I would have gone into
them.

"As I braked I lost control and I'm not sure exactly what happened. The next
thing I knew, I was on the floor with the motorbike on top of me."

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Coventry Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              193 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Lancashire

                               November 15, 2004

Comedy stars set to bring the house down at panto

LENGTH: 544 words


FUNNYMEN The Chuckle Brothers and former Hi de Hi star Jeffrey Holland will
provide the jokes in this year's Manchester Opera House pantomime Dick
Whittington and his Cat. Doreen Crowther finds out about their love of panto

THE Chuckle Brothers and Jeffrey Holland will ensure the funny factor is high in
this year's Manchester Opera House pantomime.

Paul and Barry Chuckle real name Elliott are genuine brothers and the youngest
in a showbiz family of eight.

The brothers and Jeffrey Holland best known as Spike in Hi de Hi were at the
Manchester Town Hall launch of Dick Whittington and his Cat.

As Dick Whittington becomes Lord Mayor of London it was appropriate that the
Lord Mayor of Manchester Cllr Tom Callaghan was in attendance.

The broad appeal of the Chuckle Brothers was evident during the photocall
outside when passers-by -- adults not children -- called out catchphrases from
their TV season Chucklevision.

This will be the brothers' 38th consecutive panto. They easily remembered their
first -- Malvern in 1966/67.

Paul the taller brother said: "We don't like being called children's
entertainers. We aim our comedy at everybody."

He conceded that being in panto is hard work but said: "Once you get on stage
you don't feel tired at all."

Barry says: "When we do our touring shows we write a lot of our own scripts. For
television five people write them to suit our comedy. In the panto we put our
own sketches in."

The brothers live 20 miles apart in South Yorkshire where they were born.

In 1974 they won the original series of New Faces but got their big break in
1985 when the BBC recorded 13 episodes of The Chucklehounds for Children's TV.
That series is still shown around the world. Two years later Chucklevision came
to the small screen and the 15th series of the comedy has just been
commissioned.

Their famous catchphrase -- To me to you! -- became the title of a game show
they first made in 1996 with more series following.

Although the brothers have an amicable working relationship -- they have never
had a serious quarrel -- they don't live in each others' pockets outside work.

And while Paul will be commuting to Yorkshire during the panto's run Barry will
stay in a Manchester hotel.

Jeffrey Holland meanwhile is playing the Dame in Dick Whittington and has 33
pantos under his belt -- 16 in which he has worn a frock. "I love panto he said.

He still gets Hi di hi" called to him in the street but no longer uses the
phrase in pantomime.

"I think it would be confusing for the children he said.

But when repeats of the series are shown he gets appreciative letters from young
people who have never seen it before.

Now known chiefly as a comedy actor, Jeffrey has appeared in BBC 2's Shakespeare
productions Richard II, As You Like It and Henry V. And although he has no great
yearning to play Shakespeare again, he would welcome a chance to take the part
of Malvolio in Twelfth Night.

He said panto audiences vary, but the further north the shows are staged, the
more audiences laugh. So things are looking good for Manchester.

Dick Whittington and his Cat runs at the Opera House, Manchester, from December
11 to January 9.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2004 NewsQuest Media Group Limited

                              194 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Wiltshire

                                February 9, 2002

Chuckles all round for the funny brothers .

SECTION: Whatson

LENGTH: 143 words



For a younger audience two top TV characters, The Chuckle Brothers, will bring a
few laughs to a chilly February.


In their latest show ' Raiders of the Lost Bark ' a new adventure awaits Paul
and Barry as they travel to Egypt to find an old statue of a dog.


After raiding pharoahs' tombs the comedians find themselves chased by a mummy
and outwitted by Fez Cooper who wants to steal the dog statue for himself.


It's said to be great fun ' even for mummies!


Paul and Barry, who really are brothers, have built up a cult following in the
past 10 years with a succession of tea-time television programme for youngsters
of the BBC, including a game show and Chucklevision.


CHUCKLE BROTHERS in RAIDERS OF THE LOST BARK


WYVERN THEATRE, SWINDON


FEBRUARY 12


Credit Card Hotline, 0i793 524481


TICKETS: GBP 8.50

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2002 NewsQuest Media Group Limited

                              195 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                             June 13, 1999, Sunday

CAPTAIN MOONLIGHT: MORE LAUGHS THAN THE CHUCKLE BROTHERS

BYLINE: Charles Nevin

SECTION: COMMENT; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 1541 words


BELAY there! Today, I want to have a serious word with you about trivia. For it
is now time to get really cracking with my ultimate millennial list, Captain
Moonlight's Triumphs of The Millennium, a celebration of innovations that have
had a major minor effect on the quality of all our lives. It will be a list
building inexorably, interestingly and excitingly to a comprehensively
remarkable conclusion in the heady days ahead. I am even offering that ultimate
yet discreet black and silver enamel-effect symbol of discernment and
exclusivity, the Moonlight Badge, for assistance in its compilation. Here follow
the first 10: 1) The toothbrush (1498). 2) The collapsible silk opera hat
(1832). 3) Hanging, drawing and quartering (1241). 4) Margarine (1869). 5)
Logarithms (1614). 6) Bread and butter pudding (c1700). 7) The Venetian blind
(1769) . 8) Robinson's Barley Water (1823). 9) The indoor swimming pool (1742).
10) The vaulting horse (1761). Just try to imagine life without any of that lot,
then, fired, send me your suggestions. And remember, it's not every day you get
a chance to participate in history. Or, for that matter, to get a Moonlight
Badge. Next!

BBRRNNGG! Ah, yes, the harsh harbinger of fresh intelligence; or, as a colleague
earlier in my distinguished career (he was a bit of a card) used to say, "Answer
that, it might be the phone!" Great days. Anyway, it's none other than my lively
showbiz correspondent, Ms Britt Bafter, who has this: "Captain, Summer Shows!
Britt's Tips this time round include Gordon and Bunny Jay in Summer Spectacular
99 at the Spa Theatre, Bridlington; Trouble at Sea! starring the Chuckle
Brothers at the Britannia Pier Theatre, Great Yarmouth; Freddie Starr, Johnnie
Laff and Amethyst, at the Princess Theatre, Torquay; and, on the North Pier,
Blackpool, Legends, tributes to Shirley Bassey, Tom Jones, Elvis, Tina Turner
and Roy Orbison!" I thank Ms Bafter for these diverting prospects and wonder if
anything else is "hot" in her world. "Funny you should ask, Captain. Do you
remember the Sixties pop star, Heinz, key member of the Tornados, whose tune
"Telstar" was once named by Lady Thatcher as one of her favourite records?"
Indeed I do, I say: who could forget "Just Like Eddie"? "Well, wait for it,
Captain, Heinz is 57 next month! Oh, and by the way, did you know Elvis had a
collection of stuffed toy animals?" Remarkable. Some business, show business.
Next!

BALLS. The little silver ones you use on cakes. We in the Moonlight family have
noticed a distinct dearth of the little fellows in the shops recently. Fearing
some EU directive concerned about choking, or vulnerable dental work, or metal
fatigue, I got in touch with the silver-ball market leaders, Supercook, who
operate from Leeds, the Monte Carlo of the West Riding. Thankfully, after
consulting with a spokeswoman, I am able to confirm that the lack of balls is
purely a temporary difficulty confined to the choicer parts of south London. In
fact, the spokeswoman was able to point out a buoyancy in the market not only
for Silver Balls but for Hundreds and Thousands, Sugar Stars, and Marzipan
Fruits as well, due to a recent increase, which she was somewhat at a loss to
explain, in the creation and consumption of fairy cakes. Thank you.

BBRRNNGG! Heavens above, it's my food and drink editor, the great RAC Quart!
"Captain! Marco Pierre White, Yorkshireman, cook and angler! Spot of trouble
down at Marlow Weir, in leafy Bucks, former favourite waters of MPW when he's in
the mood to murder a few pike. Sorry? Yes, he's a coarse fisherman, all right,
Captain! Yes, very funny. Anyway, he's been wading about in the weir with that
Gordon Ramsay fellow in tow, and apparently that's very bad form in the coarse
business. And then there was an expert coarse competition he wanted to take part
in but they told him to get back to the kitchen, so it's all turned nasty and he
doesn't go any more. Interested?" Hmmm. This seems pretty run of the mill (!)
for White. I ask Quart to turn to a more pressing matter. But he is also at a
loss to explain the fairy cake increase. Next!

KERRPPLLOPP! Yes, that's the sound of incoming e-mail responding in formidable
numbers to my competition to discover the two most popular phrases among mobile
phone users, not including "I'm on the train", which would be a runaway winner.
And our runaway winner is Ms Swann of Newhaven, who e-mails: "Dear Captain,
Based on my own journeys (between Newhaven Town and London Victoria via Lewes -
and incidentally when are we going to see the famous bus stop photo?) the second
to fifth commonest utterances of mobile users are: 'Hello, it's me.' 'I'm on the
mobile.' 'Is Mummy there?' 'Signalling difficulties in the Purley area,
apparently'." Well done, Ms Swann: Badge! Sorry? Ah, yes, Ms Swann's reference
to the "famous bus stop photo". This is a photograph I have long promised to
display, should anyone be interested, of what is claimed to be the least-used
bus stop in Britain, near Lewes. Imagine, then, my feelings on receipt of Ms
Swann's request. Imagine, too, my anguish, when I found I had lost the photo.
That's why, instead, down there, I am showing you this week's mystery object.
Identify it and a Moonlight Badge could be yours!

BBRRNNGG! Yes, it's my political correspondent, Ms Una Tributable, reporting
from Westminster after a historic week of peace and elections. "Captain! The
spoons in the House of Commons gift shop have been reduced to pounds 4.50! And I
also understand, exclusively, that they are about to introduce a new range of
toiletries specifically designed to appeal to Blair's Babes, including compacts
engraved with the famous portcullis, lockets and silver frames for his photo,
and holy medals commemorating his healing of a stutterer from Devon. Actually, I
made the last three up, Captain. By the way, have you read about all these
Frenchies taking over the London buses? Well, you might be interested to know
that most of the people working in the gift shop are Spanish. Oh, and some bloke
called Howard Davies is going to be the next Director-General of the BBC. Bye!"
I replace the receiver, comforted to know that, as long as we have such
watchdogs about, democracy is safe. Next!

BBRRNNGG! Blimey, enough! It is, though, my literary correspondent, Hugh
Advance, with some thoughts on the passing of Christina Foyle: "Captain, do you
think that when Miss Foyle arrives at the pearly gates she will have to get a
chit from an assistant of St Peter which she will then have to take to another
assistant of St Peter who will process it before she takes it back to the
original assistant who will then let her in? And there was something else I was
going to tell you. Now what was it? Oh, yes, Pearsons are about to buy Harper
Collins. Bye!" Bye, Hugh.

PULVERISE, shred and shed those stereotypes with Captain Moonlight. You thought
the Lib Dems were nice and earnest, well-intentioned, but woefully short on some
decent bad habits? Pah! You can't get into the Westminster William Hill's for
the ponies and even monkeys going on the leadership race. Pick the chunky
knitwear out of that! Next: reinforce, buttress and bolster those stereotypes
with Captain Moonlight. Ken Clarke, tubby-rumpled man of the people, spotted on
the Tube, again! What? No, just the two stops, from Westminster to Temple. What?
Walk? Do that tummy a favour, it must be almost a mile. Next!

WOW! Not an uncommon reaction to my acclaimed Moonlight Miscellany, a great
gallimaufry of good things, snippets and asides. First, Nature Notes. And bad
news from Abadan, where it's reported that liberal dosings of poison have made
the mice so big and strong that they're now eating cats. Well, that's what it
says in the Tehran Times, even if it is only June. Good news, though, from
Notting Hill, where the gum trees Elisabeth Murdoch has planted outside her
beautiful home are doing very well. As are the Captain's tropical fish: see for
yourself over there in the world's first virtual internet site (steady, Marco
Pierre)! Pigeons are now living longer, too, you know. And the duck's quack does
echo. Next, Moonlight Crime Watch, and on Lewis, in the Outer Hebrides,
policemen are being rewarded with giant lollipops if they use the new
breathalyser kits; while in Bonn, a thief who broke into a truck marked
"Whiskey" fainted when he found Whiskey the circus tiger; similarly, in Croydon,
the shoe box stolen from a local doorstep contained nothing but the remains of
Chippie, a former chipmunk; and in Letchworth, Mrs Davis of Baldock writes to
tell me, a road rage victim who claims to have been attacked by a knife-wielding
maniac may have only been assaulted with a half-baked baguette. Thank you, Mrs
Davis: Badge! And, finally, I have had news of the Marquess of Cholmondeley.
Bye!

VOTE for us or the little bear gets it: a typically uncompromising message from
the shadow health secretary last week. Sorry? What big bear? Rough night, was
it? All right, sorry. It is, in fact, vote for us and we'll give you a bear. No?
The health shadow announcing a successful private inbeartility treatment
programme? All right, it was an Action Research photocall. NEIL MUNNS/PA

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 Independent Print Ltd

                              196 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                 Retford Times

                           February 12, 2015 Thursday

Brothers reprising a classic

SECTION: AGENCY:OTHER; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 220  words


Tickets are still available to see comedy duo the Chuckle Brothers when they
bring their slapstick humour for all the family to Retford this Saturday.

Barry and Paul are debuting their new show, Chuckles of Oz, at the Majestic
Theatre on February 14 before embarking on a nationwide tour.

The venue is now an annual stop in the Chuckles' post-Christmas programme.

The pair play wizards in their own musical spectacular version of classic tale
The Wizard of Oz.

The former children's TV stars will be joined by Dorothy, the Tin Man, the
Cowardly Lion, the Scarecrow, the Wicked Witch of the West and Glinda the Good
Witch.

The Chuckle Brothers are known to generations of children for their popular
prime-time show Chucklevision, which ran for more than 290 episodes.

And their legendary catchphrase 'to me, to you' is still popular today.

They live locally, Paul in Doncaster and Barry in Maltby.

Chuckles of Oz promises a treat for all the family, with a matinee performance
to suit children and a unique Chuckle twist on a popular story.

Audiences can expect some great special effects and cracking gags.

The Chuckles of Oz will be at the Majestic Theatre on Saturday February 14 at
2pm.

Adult tickets are priced at £14, with a family ticket for two adults and two
children £52.

Contact the Majestic box office on 01777 706866 to book.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Chuckle Brothers are coming to the Majestic Theatre

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved

                              197 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                Irish Daily Mail

                            February 4, 2014 Tuesday
                                   Edition 2;
                                    Ireland

Chuckle Brothers in DJ's corner

BYLINE: Arthur Martin

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 143 words


THEY arrived at court together sporting broad grins. But for once the Chuckle
Brothers had to be separated so they could give evidence independently in
support of Dave Lee Travis. Barry and Paul Elliott - best known for their BBC
children's show ChuckleVision - dismissed allegations that the former Radio 1 DJ
molested a female stage hand at a pantomime in the early-1990s. The comedy duo
also denied the suggestion that there was a policy of keeping Travis, 68, away
from female cast and crew members because of his reputation. Earlier in the
trial, the Chuckle Brothers were said to have disturbed Travis as he groped a
21-year-old in his dressing room. Yesterday they told Southwark Crown Court in
London that Travis was 'a jolly nice chap' and 'very professional'. Travis
denies 13 counts of indecent assault and one of sexual assault. The trial
continues.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: In panto: The brothers with Travis
Evidence: Barry and Paul Elliott yesterday

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DML


          Copyright 2014 Irish Daily Mail - Associated Newspapers Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              198 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                          December 14, 2011 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Chuckle Brothers epitomise what it means to be British;
Give me a show with Barry and Paul over Towie's Mark Wright any day

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 680 words


It's that time of year again when men dress as women, women dress as men and we
all start slapping each other's thighs and checking out who's behind us.

But enough of my personal life - it's also panto season.* Boom boom. Last night
I took the kids to see the Chuckle Brothers in Cinderella at Hull New Theatre
and it's fair to say we had a cracking time.

I may be well-known for my cynicism towards an overtly commercial Christmas, but
I do have a soft spot when it comes to panto dames and principal boys.

Read into that what you will. But it's not just any old panto that can cut it.

In the past decade I've seen more pantos than Peter Levy's had spray tans and I
think I'm pretty adept at telling the soaraway successes from the festive
turkeys.

And if it doesn't involve a double act who have spent decades honing their
comedic craft in every dive, backstreet boozer and working men's club from here
to Wigan, then it's likely to be a stinker.

Luckily, the Chuckle Brothers are one such act.

If you can cut it in Rotherham working a roomful of drunks on a wet Wednesday
afternoon, then you can cut it anywhere.

Storming it in front of a packed Hull New Theatre with an audience of
over-excited seven-year-olds isn't going to pose you any problems.

The opposite of this - the anti-Chuckles as I call them - is the TV nano
celebrity.

You know the sort. They're usually the latest heartthrob from Neighbours or came
eighth runner-up in the 2001 series of Pop Idol with a sob story about dyslexia
and a pet cat with bronchitis.

They shone for about 15 seconds on TV before their star came crashing down
faster than a bad stripper's underpants.

Outside of the confines of a TV studio or a recording booth, they have all the
charisma, wit and charm of a dung beetle.

It's not their fault. They haven't had to learn their trade batting back lairy
heckles from rowdy stag dos.

They haven't had to walk on stage in front of an audience consisting of one man
and his dog and still do the business with a smile on their faces.

Celebrity doesn't care if you've paid your dues or not - it only cares if you're
pretty enough to flog a few tickets before the next flavour of the month
eclipses you.

The fact that comics such as the Chuckles are performing in their 45th straight
panto this year in Hull speaks volumes.

It's proof, if any more were needed, that celebrity is nothing if it isn't
married to a similar-sized talent.

So take notice you nano-brained homunculi who make up the cast of The Only Way
Is Essex and Desperate Scousewives.

Your days are numbered.

Give me a show with the Chuckles, or Cannon and Ball, Stu Francis, Billy Pearce
or any other proper, old-school funnymen over Towie's Mark Wright any day.

Let Cinderella be our launch pad for 2012.

Let it be a year unfettered by celebrity and undeserved fame.

If you're one of those people who live their lives obsessed by the goings-on in
Heat magazine or Made In Chelsea, take a long hard look at the Chuckle Brothers
and realise they are what you should be aspiring to - not some daft bint who's
only famous for falling out of a car and flashing her knickers to the paparazzi.
Let's do it together. Let's all grow Chuckle Brotherstyle moustaches and bask in
all that it means to be outlandishly British.

Let 2012 be the year when we forgo crass, flimsy fame for fame's sake and focus
instead on solid, manly achievement built on solid hard graft.

Let's make "To me, to you" our rallying cry and together - brothers and sisters
- we can build a better world. Together, we can make this a great nation once
more. Stuff Europe. Let's elect Paul and Barry joint monarchs and the sky will
be the limit.

One nation united under two Chuckles is the world I want my kids to grow up in.

Because nothing epitomises what it means to be great and British more than the
Chuckle Brothers.

Paul and Barry. You are legends. I salute you.

*Apologies to anyone with a photographic memory who may remember I used that
exact same intro to a column back in 2006. I found it recently while trawling
through some archives and thought it was so good it deserved another outing.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: LEGENDS: The Chuckle Brothers, Paul, left, and Barry Elliott, at Hull
City Hall for the launch of Cinderella at Hull New Theatre.
Picture: Peter Harbour

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDM


                         Copyright 2011 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved

                              199 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                              The Star (Sheffield)

                                  June 4, 2008

Chuckle Brothers unveil new intensive care ambulance

LENGTH: 198 words


THERE was plenty to smile about when the Chuckle Brothers launched a new
intensive care ambulance at Sheffield Children's Hospital.

Fundraisers asked for the public's help to raise £120,000 to buy a new ambulance
to transfer critically-ill children across the region to intensive care in
Sheffield.

And, thanks to The Star's readers and other well-wishers who made generous
donations, the target was reached in just six weeks.

The new mobile intensive care unit - nicknamed Bear 2 - has now been delivered
and will enable medics to safely move critically-ill children from their local
hospital for specialist care.

South Yorkshire comedy stars the Chuckle Brothers - Paul and Barry Elliott -
were given a tour of the vehicle at the launch and met young fans including
Addison Connor, aged three.

He was born with a ruptured diaphragm and was so seriously ill it was thought he
might not survive.

But, after spending time in hospital in Doncaster, Addison was ferried safely to
Sheffield inside the old mobile intensive care unit Bear 1.

Addison spent the first two years of his life at Sheffield Children's Hospital
before being well enough to go home.

READ MORE

Main news index

Letters

Latest sport.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              200 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                            February 4, 2014 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

Chuckle Brothers 'surprised' at panto claims against Travis

BYLINE: David Mercer and Jennifer Cockerell

SECTION: HS - NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 465 words


ONE of the Chuckle Brothers has told a court it was "a complete surprise" to
hear claims veteran DJ Dave Lee Travis indecently assaulted a stage hand at a
pantomime they were starring in.

Children's entertainers Paul and Barry Elliott starred alongside Mr Travis in a
production of Aladdin in the early 1990s, London's Southwark Crown Court heard.

Mr Travis is accused of indecently assaulting a female crew member in his
theatre dressing room during the panto's run. The woman, who was 21 at the time
of the alleged incident, has previously told the court her ordeal ended when
they were interrupted by one of the Chuckle Brothers walking past in the
corridor.

Giving evidence yesterday, Paul Elliott, 66, was asked by Stephen Vullo,
defending Mr Travis, whether he recalled any inappropriate behaviour by the
former Radio 1 star.

Mr Elliott replied: "No sorry, I don't. As I say it was a complete surprise."

Mr Elliott, who starred in BBC children's television series Chucklevision
alongside his brother Barry, said Mr Travis was "very professional" during the
panto.

Asked whether he was aware of any formal or informal arrangement to chaperone
female staff members around Mr Travis, Mr Elliott replied: "Not that I recall,
not at all. I think I would remember." Mr Elliott said he and his brother would
have been made aware of such a policy as they were "top of the bill".

The comedian said he did not recall any particular incident when a female stage
hand had left Mr Travis's dressing room.

Also appearing as a defence witness, Barry Elliott, 69, described Travis as a
"jolly great chap to work with".

Asked by Mr Vullo if he was aware of a policy being implemented to make sure
female members of the cast were chaperoned, the elder Chuckle Brother said: "Not
at all. I don't remember that, no."

Asked if he remembered Travis ever "struggling" with a young female in his
dressing room, Mr Elliott said: "I don't remember that no. If it was something
serious we probably would, but I don't remember anything like that at all."

John Dean, who worked as a DJ with Mr Travis in his live shows over 35 years,
told the court the former BBC presenter was "very friendly" with female fans but
he had never seen him act inappropriately.

"There were always female fans," he said. "We tried to keep control as best as
possible."

He added: "Very often he would pose for photos with his arm around them." On
other occasions Mr Travis would let female fans sit on his knee, Mr Dean said.

"There was always a room full of people," he said.

Asked by Mr Vullo whether he ever saw Mr Travis act in an inappropriate way with
a female, Mr Dean replied: "Never."

Mr Travis, 68, from Buckinghamshire, denies indecently assaulting 10 women and
sexually assaulting another in incidents dating back to 1976.

The trial continues.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DEFENCE: Paul and Barry Elliott were called as witnesses.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GH


                      Copyright 2014 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved

                              201 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                             April 15, 2008 Tuesday

McGuinness and Robinson: No Chuckle Brothers II

SECTION: IRELAND

LENGTH: 387 words


But he said he and Mr Robinson had a "good, positive, working relationship",
adding: "I think the omens are good."

Similarly, Fianna Fáil leader-designate Brian Cowen said he and Mr Robinson had
a "very good, mature, straightforward relationship" and would work together to
bring increased prosperity to both sides of the border.

Mr Robinson was chosen by his assembly colleagues to succeed Mr Paisley as DUP
leader yesterday morning.

He will be confirmed as leader at a meeting of the DUP's ruling executive on
Thursday, and will succeed Mr Paisley as the north's first minister in early
June.

Mr McGuinness and Mr Paisley surprised many with the warmth of their working
relationship, which resulted in them being christened the Chuckle Brothers - a
reference to a British comedy act.

Sinn Féin expects a more formal working relationship with Mr Robinson.

"You're not going to get Chuckle Brothers Part II, but what you're going to get
are serious-minded people hopefully taking serious decisions, and I'm going to
strive and endeavour to bring to all of this the same positive and constructive
approach that I had while Ian Paisley was there," said Mr McGuinness.

He was speaking after a meeting between himself, Sinn Féin president Gerry Adams
and Mr Cowen at the Stormont Hotel.

Earlier, Mr Cowen and Mr Robinson - both finance ministers - held a joint
conference at the Northern Ireland Science Park to announce further economic
co-operation.

Financial services companies in the republic looking to expand in other
jurisdictions will be encouraged to consider the north.

"There should be no doubt that we would view very favourably firms delegating
some support services to the north," said Mr Cowen.

Mr Robinson said he believed the initiative could be one of the most significant
in decades in terms of employment potential for the north.

The body language of the two men was closely scrutinised, given that in less
than two months' time, they will be leading their respective jurisdictions.

Both took the opportunity to congratulate each other on their forthcoming
appointments, and said they would seek to enhance all-island co-operation.

"I think what both of us bring to the table in terms of our political approach
is a businesslike and pragmatic approach to problem-solving and to exploiting
real opportunities," said Mr Cowen.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              202 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                             March 9, 2010 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Comic-strip brothers chuckling to success

BYLINE: Dan St. Yves, For The Calgary Herald

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. E4

LENGTH: 571  words


Brian and Ron Boychuk share one mischievous, entirely off-tangent mind.

That's not always a good thing, unless you share a job in which your goal is to
make people groan. Or laugh. Or stop and think. Or all three.

The Boychuks, the Canadian brothers behind the quickly expanding comic strip
Chuckle Bros., seen daily in the Herald, set out to create one of those
intelligent snapshot panel comics that routinely lampoons everyday life through
skewed takes on experiences or words we might routinely brush up against, yet
otherwise likely never associate with something funny.

Created by irrepressible middle-aged class clowns who dreamed of filling the
void left by the retirement of their hero Gary Larson of The Far Side, the
Boychuks have turned their humble beginnings into one of the industry's recent
success stories.

When it debuted in 2006 in seven Canadian newspapers, including the Herald,
Chuckle Bros. was heralded as "the biggest launch ever of a new cartoon in
Canada." The strip was originally conceived by the Boychuks and drawn by Ronnie
Martin, but the brothers soon amicably parted ways with their artist, who wasn't
always able to wrap his head around the Boychuks' zaniness. Ron, who had been
drafting some of the original rough concepts for the cartoon, took over the
artistic duties. Since then, the strip has been picked up by Creators Syndicate,
and now appears in dozens of newspapers across North America.

From the start, the Boychuks intended to pen a "refrigerator" cartoon -- one in
which readers would identify with a situation or panel, cut it out, and put it
on their fridge door. Bowlers, firefighters, therapists -- many occupations in
the cartoon are ones that readers are either involved in, or certainly familiar
with.

"We're a cartoon that appeals to many people some of the time, and some of the
people all of the time. At some point, we're going to touch on something that's
funny to you," Brian says, in an interview from his Ottawa home.

Chuckle Bros. is gaining prominence at a time of change for both newspaper comic
strips and newspapers in general. The Boychuks' goal is to infiltrate as many
newspapers as they can, but they've still got their eyes on a future in
cyberspace.

"The benchmark for cartoonists is -- and has always been -- how many papers you
are in. That determined status, which determined popularity, which determined
salability. The Internet is the future, it's just that nobody has a clue how we
are supposed to make any money off of it -- certainly in the form that it exists
in today."

Ironically, cyberspace also opens up something else for the Boychuks. For all
their fans, comic strips still tend to divide readers into loyalists and haters
-- and blogs and social media websites have given a vocal forum to the latter.

"I find it fascinating the way a vast majority of people can like or believe in
something and it just takes a few radical, pessimistic voices in the hinterland
to stir up controversy," Brian says. "We are read eagerly by millions of people
every day and a half-dozen yahoos spewing forth is not going to sway us from our
course."

In one of their cartoons, a guy is pictured in a bar talking to a bandaged
pinata: "I understand you were the hit of the party." As the fifth anniversary
of their realizing dream approaches, the Chuckle Bros. are more focused on
continuing to share their humour with a growing legion of fans, wherever those
fans reside.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2010 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              203 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                               December 28, 2002

Dads - watch out for custard pies!

SECTION: Features; Arts; Reviews; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 509 words


Panto performances beckon for Maxine Garner, a media studies student at
Stoke-on-Trent College, and her sister Sally, who will both be appearing in
Goldilocks and the Three Bears at The Mitchell Memorial Theatre in the new year.
So what better way to prepare themselves than to witness to panto veterans the
Chuckle Brothers in full flow?  Here's Maxine's verdict of the night: "The
Regent Theatre's knockout production of Aladdin is a real Christmas treat.

"It tells the story of a ragged juvenile who finds his fortune in a magical cave
and marries the girl of his dreams, the Princess of Peking. It would be the
perfect fairytale ending if it wasn't for the intervention of evil Abanazar
played by Signal One's Andrew Goulding, who brings misfortune to the village of
Peking.

Andrew's on-air partner Louise Stones also proved popular with the audience.
Jimmy Patton was a refreshing Dame, but Sally couldn't quite understand why he
was wearing a dress and commented that he was 'the wrong way round!'.

Nevertheless it was the renowned Chuckle Brothers who stole the show. Their
comedy routines were tear jerking, with their antics with a cucumber giving the
adults something to engage with beyond the giggles of the children.

The audience were in hysterics each time the double act set foot on stage. It
was also great to see a live band, with strong musical direction from Peter
Faint.

One of the most memorable musical numbers was 'You've got a friend in me' sung
by Aladdin with solid support from The Slave of the Lamp, Nathan Dowling.

It was great to see that all the performers could easily slip from comical
dialogue to admirable singing without the need of a wave of a fairy's wand.
Nicholas Maude gets my vote for his stunning rendition of 'This is my moment'
which provided the magic for Aladdin's marriage to the Princess.

The colourful set looked as though it had been taken straight out of a story
book, with lighting effectively reflecting the happy atmosphere.

No expense has been spared on the costumes either, with frequent changes during
the show leading to an all gold and sparkling finale.

A special mention should also go to the Staffordshire Youth Theatre who
performed like true professionals with the assistance of director Peter Purves.

The pantomime appealed to an audience of all ages.

The show lasts for just over two hours but the exciting atmosphere created in
Aladdin keeps the children wide awake way past their bedtimes.

Mums will get to see Barry Chuckle in his Y-fronts and kids will be wowed by the
special effects, but just a note, watch out dads, you might end up with a
custard pie in your face. Don't say I didn't warn you! Aladdin is the perfect
way for any family to witness a laugh a minute. My advice is get your tickets
now." * Maxine and Sally will be appearing in D.E. Caversmill Theatre Company's
Goldilocks and the Three Bears at The Mitchell Memorial Theatre, Hanley from
January 5. Maxine plays the forest fairy and Sally is in the chorus.

Caption:

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2002 The Sentinel (Stoke)

                              204 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                           Coventry Evening Telegraph

                          February 12, 2014 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

PREVIEW

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 83

LENGTH: 131 words


Barney Live! The Let's Go Tour / Chris and Pui / The Chuckle Brothers ROYAL SPA
CENTRE, LEAMINGTON The Royal Spa Centre in Leamington has a triple bill of
family-friendly shows over half-term.

On Saturday CBeebies' double act Chris and Pui are live on stage with their new
roadshow. Young children are invited to bring their teddies and favourite
character toys as the Show Me Show Me presenters help Old MacDonald find his
lost animals.

Barney the Dinosaur Live! The Let's Go Tour is on Monday.

Audiences can join Barney for 90-minutes of song, dance and fun.

And on February 20 The Chuckle Brothers present their hilarious new show - A
2014 Space Oddity.

Tickets for Chris and Pui, Barney the Dinosaur Live! and The Chuckle Brothers
can be booked on 01926 334 418 or go to www.warwickdc.gov.uk

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CVT


                   Copyright 2014 Coventry Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              205 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                               November 18, 2002

City A Blaze Of Colour

SECTION: Features; General; Advertorials; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 173 words


The city centre will be a blaze of colour from Tuesday evening as the festive
season lights up with the switching-on ceremony.  It's hoped that thousands of
people will join in with the community spirit of the event which kicks off at
4.30 with BBC Radio Stoke's Party in Albion Square hosted by popular presenter
Den Siegertsz.

From there an Aladdin-themed community torch lit parade, led by the Lord Mayor,
Cllr Ellis Bevan, Santa and Mrs Claus , The Chuckle Brothers and a host of
colourful costumed characters will take to the streets, while along the parade
route there'll be music and street entertainment to keep the crowds enthralled.

The parade will then move on to the main pedestrian area of the city centre,
when Signal One presenters will take over the evening's proceedings and
co-ordinate the big community countdown.

And the festive season will be well and truly underway when the city skyline is
illuminated at 7pm by the Lord Mayor, the Chuckle Brothers and the people of
Stoke-on-Trent.

Caption:

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2002 The Sentinel (Stoke)

                              206 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                        The Times Educational Supplement

                                 April 1, 2011

To me, to you ... Barry Chuckle caught in tussle over Rotherham free school

BYLINE: Stephen Exley

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10 No. 4935

LENGTH: 710 words


Oh dear, oh dear: NUT and local council object to proposal by children's TV
star.

As one half of comedy duo the Chuckle Brothers, hapless Barry Chuckle has made a
career out of earnestly throwing himself into madcap projects, only for things
to go spectacularly awry.

But the children's TV star, whose real name is Barry Elliott, could not have
anticipated the furious backlash he has encountered after agreeing to become the
unlikely patron of a proposed free school in his home town of Rotherham.

Principal designate Charlotte Blencowe, the girlfriend of Mr Elliott's son, is
looking to open a 500-place secondary school in the South Yorkshire town in
2012.

Ms Blencowe told The TES she has secured backing from enough parents for the
plans to go ahead, and is in the process of submitting a formal application to
the Department for Education.

But the proposal has come in for stinging criticism, with the NUT dismissing the
free school as "Chuckle Brothers education". The local education authority has
contacted the DfE calling for the project to be scrapped, warning that it is not
needed and would have an adverse affect on existing schools in the town.

A statement from Rotherham Metropolitan Borough Council said: "The proposal to
open the Rotherham Central Free School should be opposed as it would have a
dramatic impact on current Rotherham schools reflected in falling rolls, loss of
school funding, teacher and other staff redundancies and falling educational
standards.

"The council would receive reduced funding as any pupil who attended a free
school would withdraw the allocation of funding the local authority received to
give to schools under the dedicated schools grant."

NUT regional secretary Ian Stevenson said: "Chuckle Brothers education: is that
where we are? There has been local opposition to this ... The main issue of
concern is the impact on the rest of the schools. It's hard to see how this free
school would improve choice or raise standards."

Mr Elliott, best known for the Chuckle Brothers' trademark slapstick humour and
their catchphrase "To me, to you", previously described the plans as "excellent"
and said they would "hopefully raise standards in Rotherham".

Ms Blencowe hailed the 66-year-old ChuckleVision star as a "positive role model"
as "someone from Rotherham whose success has lasted a lifetime".

The plans for the school include a language and communications centre, which
will support a "limited" number of autistic students.

Ms Blencowe, an assistant head on the Future Leaders programme, said: "We are
still going ahead, we have reached the DfE target for pupils and are now moving
all our information on to the new documentation for the Department."

The school's website says it "will be the heart of the community, an educational
establishment which will deliver the ethos of life-long learning with a focus on
developing positive global citizens".

It continues: "The embedding of leadership at all levels within the school
community will create a positive learning environment, where every child can
flourish.

"We will lead the development of sustainable improvements across Rotherham where
young people communicate their aspirations and put into action their goals."

The borough council is also opposing the Nationwide Independent College of
Higher Education's plans for an 850-place free school in nearby Wath-upon-
Dearne.

A spokeswoman for Mr Elliott said he was unable to comment as he was "on tour".

PLAYING IT FOR LAUGHS - To the Chucklemobile!

After making a name for themselves appearing in clubs, cabaret shows and TV
talent show New Faces, Barry and Paul Elliott, better known as the Chuckle
Brothers, got their big break in 1985 when the BBC broadcast their children's TV
series The Chucklehounds.

Two years later came the Elliott brothers' biggest success, ChuckleVision, with
21 series screened on the BBC to date, the last in 2009. In each episode, the
brothers embark on a job or adventure which results in slapstick humour and
calamitous mishaps. Their trademark mode of transport is the "Chucklemobile", a
quadricycle with a red-and-white striped roof.

Barry and Paul's best-known catchphrases are "To me, to you" and "Oh dear, oh
dear". A 3D film spin-off of ChuckleVision is rumoured to be in the pipeline.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                      Copyright 2011 TSL Education Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              207 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Mail (London)

                             July 19, 2007 Thursday

Teacher 'angered by Chuckle Brother jibe attacked pupil'

BYLINE: Dan Newling

SECTION: 1ST; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 422 words


A TEACHER irritated by a pupil's taunts that he looked like one of the Chuckle
Brothers allegedly snapped and attacked the 13-year-old in front of his
classmates.

Jonathan Burrett, 42, had been repeatedly mocked by pupils who thought that,
with his moustache and spiky hairstyle, he bore a resemblance to children's
comedian Barry Elliot.

Yesterday a court heard that the supply teacher reacted when a boy sang the
theme tune of the TV programme ChuckleVision during a technology class at the
comprehensive in Torfaen, South Wales.

In an attempt to get the boy to stop, the prosecution claim father-of-one
Burrett repeatedly hit him on the back, leaving him badly bruised.

As the Chuckle Brothers, Barry and Paul Elliot have become a highly-successful
comedy partnership.

Their ChuckleVision show has appeared on Children's BBC for the past 20 years
and their catchphrase 'to me, to you' is a playground favourite. But Cardiff
Crown Court heard Burrett failed to see the funny side of the comparison.

Prosecutor Hywel Hughes said: 'The boy was told to stop. It is alleged the
teacher then grabbed him and hit him four times to the back and then grabbed him
by his shirt.' A doctor examined the boy and discovered fingertip-sized bruises
on his back.

The boy admitted singing the ChuckleVision tune but said 'quite a few' pupils
were humming it and he did not know why he was singled out.

One schoolgirl claimed Burrett 'got mad'. She said: 'The teacher said, "We've
got a funny one here, have we?" He was whacking him on the back at the same
time.' The court heard that the boy told Burrett to '**** off' and ran from
class. He went to the head and deputy who saw red marks on his neck and back.
Deputy headmistress Edna Fear said: 'He did say he had tried to hit the
teacher.' When he appeared at court yester- day Burrett, of Newport in Gwent,
had shaved off his moustache.

He pleaded not guilty to assault causing actual bodily harm.

Burrett, a teacher for five years, said the pupils were singing the
ChuckleVision tune when they came in. He asked them to be quiet but one
continued singing and was rocking on his chair.

The teacher claimed he had asked the boy to stop and gave pupil' him a
'friendly' pat on the back, then tried to push the chair on to all four legs.

He said: 'He swung at me and in one motion removed my arm. He said, "Get off me
you ******. You can't touch me".

'He was resisting my attempts to put the chair back on the floor.

My hands were on the chair. My hands would probably have been touching him.' The
case continues.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Double vision? Barry Elliot Accused: Burrett yesterday

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2007 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              208 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                  Ely Standard

                           January 16, 2014 Thursday

BYLINE: PR Script Managers

SECTION: LEIS

LENGTH: 428 words


The Meat Loaf Story

February 15, 7.30pm

£23, £22 concessions

Since appearing on Stars in Their Eyes 18 years ago performing as Meat Loaf,
Steve Steinman has become a star.



Steve has a fan base most rock stars would be proud of. He has performed at the
London Palladium, arenas and concert halls all over the world.

The Meat Loaf Story comes to King's Lynn with the best of the best from Meat
Loaf's incredible back catalogue of albums.

With video projected scenes, incredible stage sets, superb band and Steve's
unique sense of humour and stage presence, the show will have you up on your
feet and dancing in the aisles to all the greatest Meat Loaf hits.

(1301SM114)

The ELO Experience

February 20, 7.30pm

£20, £19 concessions.r

In 1970, the Electric Light Orchestra became one of the world's best known and
greatest recording bands, packing stadiums throughout the world.

The ELO Experience tribute band are a group of talented musicians currently
touring the UK and bring their Mr Blue Sky tour to King's Lynn.

Fans will be taken on an incredible trip down memory lane, with almost two hours
worth of fantastic tunes.

The ELO Experience has been recreating the fabulous sounds of ELO for five years
in theatres across the UK and their popularity is growing at an incredible rate.


(1302SM114)

The Chuckle Brothers

February 21, 2pm

£15. Family (3) £42, (4) £56

The Chuckle Brothers return to King's Lynn with their new show Space Oddity.

Paul and Barry visit a toy shop to buy some water pistols. While trying them out
they notice a toy space ship which they get in.

Don't touch anything the shop keeper shouts out. But being The Chuckle Brothers
they can't resist it and press some buttons.

All sorts of noises go off. "Oh dear, oh dear," they cry out as they magically
and accidentally go into a space on a new adventure.

Don't miss this new hilarious story as The Chuckle Brothers go into space.

Fun for all the family, book your seat for this space adventure early.

(1303SM114)

ABBA Mania

February 22, 7.30pm

£19.50, £18.50 concessions.

It is 40 years since ABBA won Eurovision and now it's your chance to thank ABBA
for the music.

ABBA Mania is now accepted as the world's number one touring ABBA production and
it's your chance to see them at King's Lynn.

ABBA Mania brings fans old and new a night not to be missed. If you're looking
for an excuse to party, reminisce or simply be entertained by the best music
ever, then this show is for you.

It features a special concert presentation, which celebrates the music of ABBA
and revives special memories of when they ruled the airwaves.

(1304SM114)

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ELY


                    Copyright 2014 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              209 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                      The Argus (Newsquest Regional Press)

                            January 14, 2014 Tuesday

Former Radio One DJ accused of sexual assault during Crawley panto

BYLINE: Tim Ridgway

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 281 words


DJ Dave Lee Travis assaulted a woman working in a pantomime in Crawley, a court
has been told.

The former Radio One DJ from Buckinghamshire, whose real name is David Patrick
Griffin, is on trial accused of assaulting 11 women, one of whom was 15 at the
time of the alleged offence, London's Southwark Crown Court was told yesterday.

Travis was playing the "evil wizard" Abanazar in the show, which also featured
the Chuckle Brothers, Barry and Paul Elliott, prosecutor Miranda Moore QC said.

Travis allegedly assaulted a woman working in the pantomime between November
1990 and January 1991, the court heard.

He was playing the "evil wizard" Abanazar in the show, which also featured the
Chuckle Brothers, Barry and Paul Elliott, Ms Moore said.

Travis pressed against the woman and held the door shut in a room at the
theatre, while his hand felt "along her jogging bottoms and over her pubic
hair", the prosecutor said.

Travis pulled his hand out of her jogging bottoms when one of the Chuckle
Brothers could be heard walking past in the corridor, she added.

"She did not want it, she did not ask for it, she did not consent to it," Ms
Moore added.

The alleged victim reported the incident to a stage manager but it was decided
she would not go to the police because Travis was a "star", the prosecutor said.

She was a junior member of a team and there was thought that she may lose her
job," Ms Moore went on.

The theatre later decided female workers should not be left alone with Travis
during the show's run, she added.

Travis denied assaulting the woman, describing the allegation as "utter
nonsense" and telling police he would not have "jeopardised" his first pantomime
role, the court heard.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              210 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                            South Wales Evening Post

                              June 2, 2006 Friday

Time To Chuckle With The Brothers

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 301 words


Top children's entertainers the Chuckle Brothers venture into new territory as
they offer their hilarious alternative to television's Doctor Who.

Doctor What and the Return of the Garlics is the latest showcase for the pair's
typical adventure of fun and mayhem which enables Paul and Barry to give full
rein to their clowning skills.

As they return to Swansea's Grand Theatre tomorrow, audiences are guaranteed a
rib-tickling time from two brothers who know all about family entertainment.
After all, that's where it all began for the real-life brothers Elliot, youngest
in a showbiz family of eight, where entertainment was a way of life.

"The family legacy of entertaining was always a major part of our lives," said
the brothers.

"We waited home at nights for stories of how that evening's show went when we
were kids, and finally rehearsed and joined the family act, eventually as a
four-piece with our older brothers Brian and Jimmy."

The Chuckle Brothers have worked in practically every field of entertainment
from pantomime, summer season, clubs, cabaret, television, touring revues,
circus and even an ice show. They have made many one-off appearances, winning
New Faces back in 1974.

In 1985 they finally got their big break with the BBC, recording 13 episodes
with those two loveable canine characters, The Chuckle Hounds, for children's
TV. The series is still shown throughout the world, and is enjoyed by millions.

In 1987, Chucklevision, now going into its 19th series, came to our screens --
and although it is transmitted during children's viewing hours, the boys aim the
humour and storylines at everyone.

As the brothers maintain: "Funny is funny!" And the fan letters come from tots,
teenagers, mums, dads and grannies.

Catch the show at 2pm or 5pm tomorrow. Tickets are available on 01792 475715.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 South Wales Evening Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              211 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            Nottingham Evening Post

                                January 13, 2001

Stage struck!
 Luke wins star role with panto poem

BYLINE: By Simon Wilson

SECTION: News, Pg.3

LENGTH: 379 words


POET Luke Clark took centre stage with his comic heroes - thanks to the Evening
Post.

Nine-year-old Luke brimmed with pride as he read his poem during the Theatre
Royal's pantomime Jack and The Beanstalk.

He was specially written into the panto after judges picked his poem from
hundreds of entries into a Post competition.

But the best part of the day for Luke, of Farnborough Road, Clifton, was meeting
the Chuckle Brothers.

His mum Caroline said: "When he came off stage he couldn't speak for about an
hour, he was so excited.

"Then he couldn't stop talking about it and as soon as he got home he phoned his
friends to tell them about it. He couldn't wait to get back to school to tell
everyone.

"It's all he has ever wanted to do and when he won the competition he couldn't
believe it."

Luke was taken backstage before the show to meet the cast, including Bonnie
Langford, Robin Askwith, Don Maclean and Tony Adams.

He received a bag full of goodies including a T-shirt, signed posters and
programmes, chocolate, a Bonnie Langford compact disc and a Chuckle Brothers
cassette.

Luke had been rehearsing for days but was still petrified.

"I was nervous and excited," he said.

"I made a mistake when I read it out on stage but I just said it again."

Now Luke has been bitten by the acting bug and his parents are thinking about
trying to enrol him at the Children's Television Workshop at Carlton's Lenton
studios.

The Post ran the pantomime competition in association with Talentspot Hollywood
to find the best poem about the pantomime.

The prize included a family ticket to the show.

The three runners up were: Kayne Riley, seven, from Netherfield; Jack
Charlesworth, eight, from Arnold; and Emma Wakefield, 12, from Stapleford.

Each won a family ticket to the opening night in December and had their poems
printed in the brochure.

Jack and The Beanstalk continues until Sunday January 21.

Luke's winning poem

The time of year has come again,

When magic is in the air,

With pantomimes I love to see,

But what would make this special for me,

To walk on stage with my favourite four:

Bonnie, Robin and the best of all,

The funniest duo I have ever seen,

The Chuckle Brothers, who reign supreme,

Oh, how that would be my bestest dream.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: ON CUE: Luke takes to the stage with the Chuckle Brothers during a
special performance of Jack and the Beanstalk

                     Copyright 2001 Nottingham Evening Post

                              212 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                               Blackpool Gazette

                            February 27, 2012 Monday

Business as usual

LENGTH: 560  words



HIGHLIGHT: Blackpool's Grand Theatre has finalised its 2012 summer season.


Blackpool's Grand Theatre has finalised its 2012 summer season.

It's business as usual with the return of Joe Longthorne, Roy Walker, Abba
tribute Dancing Queen and funnyman Mick Miller, as well as the Chuckle Brothers,
Cannon & Ball and Roy 'Chubby' Brown.

Mondays, from July 30 to September 3, see The Chuckle Brothers bring The Return
of Pirates of River Rother 2: In Stranger Tights to The Grand.

Paul and Barry Chuckle are visiting a theme park for the day and decide to brave
going on one of the daring water rides.

Once inside, they are leaning on a wall when they accidentally fall and find
themselves magically transported back in time to a world of pirates and sunken
treasures.

Last seen at The Grand in 2000, The Chuckle Brothers show will also feature a
full supporting company.

Tuesdays see the popular Dancing Queen return by popular demand.

A tribute to the greatest pop group ever, Abba, the show is also a trip through
the 70s, and a red hot tribute to Grease. It runs from August 1 to October 30.

Wednesdays from August 1 see Mick Miller's Comedy Bonanza 2012.

Star of the Royal Variety Show, Poulton-based Mick along with special guests
Jimmy Cricket, Billy Hunter and the Bonanza Dancers will be presenting a night
of laughter and family fun.

From August 2 to November 1 it's Thursday Night Live with Joe Longthorne
returning to The Grand along with comedian and Catchphrase star Roy Walker.

Tony Jo, whose HRH Entertainments is presenting Dancing Queen, Mick Miller's
Comedy Bonanza and Thursday Night Live said: "Last year was a great success as
we produced an incredible summer season line up for The Grand.

"I am delighted once again to be presenting top quality shows at Blackpool's
hidden gem, The Grand which has been the home of variety for decades.

"I look forward, as do the stars, to welcoming both locals and visitors."

Fridays from August 3 to November 2, see Cannon and Ball take to The Grand's
stage in The Cannon & Ball Show. Tommy Cannon and Bobby Ball, star of Sky One's
Mount Pleasant, have been firm Blackpool favourites for almost 40 years.

Cannon and Ball said: "We are thrilled to be returning to The Grand this summer
and bringing our own unique style of comedy home to the most wonderful seaside
family theatre on Friday's this forthcoming season.

"With our special guests it will be an evening to remember full of fun and
laughter for all the family."

Roy 'Chubby' Brown takes over Saturdays from August 4 to November 3 (no show
august 25) and there will be as A Night of Laughter With The Original Comedians
returns every Sunday from August 5 to September 9.

The trip down memory lane includes live performances from Roy Walker, Stan
Boardman, Mick Miller and Duggie Brown. Hosted by legendary producer Johnnie
Hamp and featuring archive clips and rare footage of Bernard Manning, Frank
Carson and many more the show merges the past and the present.

No summer would be complete without Ken Dodd.

After a sell-out 2011 he returns with his Happiness Show for Illumination
Sundays, September 30 to November 4. Neil Thomson, the Grand Theatre's CEO said:
"Following last year's success The Grand wanted to build on this formula to
create Blackpool's biggest summer season, all in one venue.

"We are delighted to have variety at the theatre again this summer and we
welcome residents throughout our summer season as well as visitors."`

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE:

JOURNAL-CODE: WBEG


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              213 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                                 July 26, 2002

Stars unveiled

BYLINE: Marsh Alison (Sentinel)

SECTION: FEATURES; ARTS; Celebinterview; Pg. 69

LENGTH: 491 words


Stars unveiled There will be plenty to chuckle about at this year's Regent
Theatre pantomime SUMMER may not yet be ebehind you' but theatrical thoughts
arealready turning to the pantomime season.

Following record-breaking attendances for last year's Dick Whittington,
starringRuss Abbot, Hanley's Regent Theatre has turned to the genie's lamp to
rub up a little bit ofmagic for this year's presentation, Aladdin.

Children's comedy duo and student favourites The Chuckle Brothers are top of a
bill as Wishee and Washee, supported by Signal 1's breakfast show partnership
ofAndy and Louise as Abanazar and The Genie and panto regulars The Patton
Brothersas Widow Twankey and the Police Chief.

"This is our 35th pantomime and we've done nine Aladdins before," says Paul
Chuckle.

"We play Wishee and Washee, Aladdin's brothers, which is usually a single part.

"We're very helpful, a bit like the Chuckle Brothers. We'll have a go at
anything, but if we have a game of football we usually end up breaking a window
and things like that." Brother Barry Chuckle adds: "When you see us in a live
show everyone has a laugh. It's not aimed just at the kids, the adults can end
up having even more of a laugh o most of them are used to seeing us on the TV.

"We do on stage what we do on TV but we always enjoy pantomime because you get
to hear people laugh." Aladdin at The Regent runs from December 12 until
January12 (Tickets: 01782 213800).

Over at Crewe, comedy stalwart and ostrich-clad marathon runner Bernie Clifton
stars as Idle Jack in Dick Whittington.

Clifton will be familiar more to parents than their children as the former host
of Crackerjack (Cra-Ker-Jack!) and stars alongside Dr Evadne Hinge as Queen
Rat.It is Hinge actor George Logan's first solo role since the death of comedy
partner Patrick Fyffe, who played Dame Hilda Bracket, earlier this year.

Geoffrey Davies of Doctor In The House fame appears as Widow Twankey, while
Diane Youdale, otherwise known as Jet from Gladiators, takes the role of Dick.
Clowns Tweedy and Alexis complete the cast. Dick Whittington runs from December
6 to January 4 (Tickets: 01270 537333).

Like the Regent, Buxton Opera House presents Aladdin, with Chloe Newsome, Alec
Gilroy's grand-daughter Vicky in Coronation Street, taking the role of Princess
So-Shy.

Chloe is familiar to theatre-goers in these parts after taking the role of Puck
in last year's Stafford Castle production of A Midsummer Night's Dream.

She is joined by Lee Cornes, a familiar face as science teacher Mr Hankin in
Grange Hill and a stand-up comic in his own right, having also featured in
comedies such as Bottom, The Young Ones and The Detectives.

By John Woodhouse Aladdin runs at the Opera House form Dec 14 to 31 (01298
72190).

Elsewhere, Stafford Gatehouse will present Jack And The Beanstalk from Dec 18
toJan 11 (01785 254653) but has yet to unveil its stars.

Caption:

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2002 The Sentinel (Stoke)

                              214 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Record

                           October 26, 2006, Thursday

OUESTION NARKS..;
TEXT SERVICE ASKED WHO WOULD WIN FIGHT BETWEEN THE CHUCKLE BROTHERS AND ROBSON
AND JEROME

BYLINE: By Maria Croce

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 701 words


IF you've got a burning question you need answering, a text service is there to
help.

AQA (Any Question Answered) on 63336 has a team of 600 researchers on hand to
reply by text to any question for pounds 1.

Every eight seconds someone in Britain comes up with a question and since the
system was launched two years ago it's answered

3.5million queries - most within just five minutes.

Here we take a look inside new book The End Of The Question Mark, which brings
together some of their best queries and answers.

Which actress wore the same coat in all her movies?

Lassie was the 'actress' in question.She was the creation of author Eric Knight
in 1938.

What is the pie-eating capital of Great Britain?

A2004 survey named the Midlands as the pie-eating centre. More than one in three
Midlanders eat at least one pie a week.

Who would win a fight between The Chuckle Brothers and Robson and Jerome?

Robson and Jerome would try to destroy them with a duet, butthe brothers would
win witha terrific one-two, 'to you, to me' killer joke.

What should I do to my bird tonight?

Different birds need different approaches. Prepared fowl need stuffing and
basting, caged birds like ashared whistle, and real women like champagne and
romance.

What is the only Oscar-winning film in which no women speak?

Lawrence of Arabia won seven Oscars in 1962 and featured no females in a
speaking role. The only female in the entire film was a camel named Gladys.

Is it true that drivers in Paris are not insured for accidents on the road round
the Arc de Triomphe?

It's true. Drivers using the 10-lane Arc de Triomphe roundabout are not covered
by their insurance as it's a notoriously dangerous road.

Why does the number 5 key on phones have two sticking-out bits on either side?

The 'five' button has bits sticking out on it to aid blind people. It lets them
know where the five is, and they can work out the rest from there.

How many people in the world have 11 toes?

AQA estimates around 6,483,600 people worldwide have 11 toes. One in 500 babies
has an extra finger or toe. The name for this is polydactyly.

What is taradiddle?

Atrivial lie or fib. It can also be described as an interesting, but highly
implausible, story. Taradiddles are often told as excuses.

Where does the 'life begins at 40' saying come from?

It first emerged in 1932 with a book by WB Pitking that was so-titled. Further
popularised by a 1937 song.

From where does the rhyme 'eeny meeny miny moe' originate?

Eeny, meeny, miny moe is a children's counting rhyme, used to select 'it' in
games dating back to 1855. Historians associate the words with Celtic Druid
words.

What would you do if you woke up and your feet were cabbages?

If you woke up and your feet were cabbages you would probably have to watch out
that your flatmate hadn't shredded them in the night to make coleslaw.

Which cereal is better for making trousers - Shreddies or Shredded Wheat?

The best cereal for making trousers depends on the effect you want. Shreddies
work well for patchwork while Shredded Wheat is better for weaving.

Where does the phrase 'dark horse' originate from?

The phrase 'dark horse' comes from the practice of darkening racehorses that
regularly won races, to conceal their identity and increase the betting odds.

What is the world's longest recorded laugh?

The world's longest laughter was the Tanganyika laughter epidemic in 1962,
started by abunch of schoolgirls.

It lasted for a ribtickling six months.

If someone's statue shows them on a horse, is there any significance to the
number of hooves on the ground, etc?

Ahorse-in-war statue with two hooves off the ground means the rider died in a
battle' one hoof off the ground means the rider was wounded in a battle.

What is the longest known marriage on record?

Liu Yang-wan from Taiwan was married in 1917 to Liu Yung-yang. Their marriage
lasted 86 years until Mrs Liu died in July 2003, aged 103, Mr Liu was 104.

Who has the world record for the most wives?

It is thought that King Mongut of Siam had 9000 wives. He claims to have only
loved the first 700. He died of syphilis. King Henry VIII had a paltry six.

The End Of The Question Mark by AQA 63336, published by Profile Books, priced
pounds 5.99.

'Taradiddles are highly implausible fibs'

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TOUGH GUYS: Robson and Jerome and the Chuckle Brothers, main picture'
BEWARE: Cabbage feet

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 Scottish Daily Record & Sunday Mail Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              215 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                   Metro (UK)

                            February 4, 2014 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

Chuckle Brother 'surprised' by DLT claims

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 118 words


CHUCKLE BROTHER Paul Elliot yesterday told a court it was 'a complete surprise'
to hear claims Dave Lee Travis molested a female stage hand at a panto. Mr
Elliot, who starred with his brother, Barry, alongside the former Radio 1 DJ in
Aladdin in 1990, said Travis was 'very professional' during the show. He added
he was unaware of an arrangement for female staff to be chaperoned around
Travis, who was playing evil uncle Abanazar. Mr Elliot, 66, had to be reminded
by the judge not to use 'we' when giving his answers at Southwark crown court.
The DJ's alleged victim, then 21, claimed the attack was interrupted by a
Chuckle Brother walking past. Travis, 68, denies molesting 14 women and the
trial continues.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Panto co-stars: Children's entertainers Barry (left) and Paul Elliot
outside Southwark crown court yesterday PICTURE: PA

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MTRscot


                   Copyright 2014 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              216 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                            February 17, 2012 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Brothers bring high sea romp

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 153 words


THE Chuckle Brothers are back - if they ever went away - and this time they star
in a swashbuckling adventure at sea.

In The Return Of The Pirates Of The River Rother 2, brothers Paul and Barry
visit a theme park and brave one of the daring water rides.

Once inside, the comedy duo, above, accidentally fall through a wall they are
leaning on and find themselves magically transported to a world of pirates and
treasure.

Paul and Barry's career has spanned nearly 30 years, since their big break on
BBC television in 1985.

Because of their longevity, The Chuckle Brothers are an act well known by
several generations of both children and parents alike.

Their pirate adventure is set to bring magic, mystery and mayhem to The Regent
and promises an afternoon of fun and laughter for the whole family.

¦ The Chuckle Brothers are at The Regent theatre on Sunday February 26 at 2pm.
For tickets, call the box office on 0844 871 7649.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SEN


                      Copyright 2012 The Sentinel (Stoke)
                              All Rights Reserved

                              217 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                  Crawley News

                                 March 18, 2009

Brothers promise a chuckle for all the family at the hawth

SECTION: Pg. 47

LENGTH: 162 words


A Pair of veteran children's entertainers are bringing the fun of their TV show
to the theatre.

The Chuckle Brothers have been making kids laugh for decades on their BBC show
Chucklevision.

Now brothers Paul and Barry - famous for their "to me, to you" catchphrase - are
out on the road with their unique brand of comedy and farce.

The Chuckle Brothers come to The Hawth on Sunday, April 26, for two shows, at
2pm and 5pm.

Their new show is based around the theme of space and aliens.

An alien robot colony has waged war on our world and must be stopped at all
costs.

Captain James T Burke needs to recruit a crew to go on board the USS Exercise in
order to save the Earth from being taken over.

Can Earth be saved from this threat to our planet? Are the Chuckle Brothers the
intrepid duo who can save the day?

The show promises laughs for all the family.

Tickets are priced £12.50 and are available from the box office on 01293 553636
or you can book online at http://www.hawth.co.uk.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 298


                           Copyright 2009 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved

                              218 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                  Crawley News

                                 March 18, 2009

Brothers promise a chuckle for all the family at the hawth

SECTION: Pg. 47

LENGTH: 162 words


A Pair of veteran children's entertainers are bringing the fun of their TV show
to the theatre.

The Chuckle Brothers have been making kids laugh for decades on their BBC show
Chucklevision.

Now brothers Paul and Barry - famous for their "to me, to you" catchphrase - are
out on the road with their unique brand of comedy and farce.

The Chuckle Brothers come to The Hawth on Sunday, April 26, for two shows, at
2pm and 5pm.

Their new show is based around the theme of space and aliens.

An alien robot colony has waged war on our world and must be stopped at all
costs.

Captain James T Burke needs to recruit a crew to go on board the USS Exercise in
order to save the Earth from being taken over.

Can Earth be saved from this threat to our planet? Are the Chuckle Brothers the
intrepid duo who can save the day?

The show promises laughs for all the family.

Tickets are priced £12.50 and are available from the box office on 01293 553636
or you can book online at http://www.hawth.co.uk.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 298


                           Copyright 2009 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved

                              219 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                          Bradford Telegraph and Argus

                           December 24, 2009 Thursday

Brothers remember all the chuckles

BYLINE: Telegraph & Argus

SECTION: THEATRE FEATURES (NORTHERNECHO THEATREFEATURES)

LENGTH: 157 words


Banish the new year blues with Paul and Barry Chuckle (pictured), back in
Bradford for another fun-packed show.

Having completed the 21st series of the ever-successful series ChuckleVision for
the BBC, the Chuckle Brothers will be delighting another generation of fans at
St George's Hall.

In An Audience With The Chuckle Brothers, they'll be showing film clips of some
of their favourite routines, performing with supporting artists, and talking
about how it all started for them. They'll chat about memorable incidents in
their careers that turned them into one of Britain's best-loved family double
acts.

Have your questions ready, as Mr Noslacking and Mr Getoutofit will be moving
through the audience with microphones, so you can put your own questions to put
to Paul and Barry. Who knows, you may even be asked to join them on stage... -
The Chuckle Brothers are at St George's Hall on Thursday, February 18. For
tickets ring (01274) 432000.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              220 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                            April 6, 2011 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Barry is back from the dead!;
Rumours of Chuckle Brother's demise greatly exaggerated as he returns for city
appearance

BYLINE: Matthew Skinns

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 378 words


ast year he was dead.

LThis year, he's as hard to kill as Voldemort. In 2010, Facebook and Twitter
were awash with false rumours of Barry Chuckle's demise.

"There were lots of silly things posted on the internet - hurtful things that
caused a lot of trouble with my family, friends and our fans," said Barry, one
half of the comedy duo The Chuckle Brothers.

While the incident was infuriating, fans know Barry and brother his Paul remain
firmly of this Earth - even if their current show has decidedly magical
overtones.

As Barry Potty and his Full Blood Brother Paul, the duo are touring The Ghostly
Shadows.

The show tells of the pair's accidental arrival and enrolment at Pigsnorts
School Of Magic, where the evil Lord Fonterall (a skit on Lord Voldemort) is
plotting to take over.

Loosely based on The Deathly Hallows, the final installment in JK Rowling's
Harry Potter series, the show is the second inspired by the bespectacled boy
wizard.

In 2004, The Chamber Of Horrors - featuring Barry Potter and his Smarter Brother
Paul - toured theatres.

"We love the Harry Potter films," said Barry. "Obviously, it's not the same
stories because it's comedy, but we do get a lot of Potter fans coming in."

The skit is among a number of films the Rotherham-born duo have parodied on
stage.

In 2006, there was their take on the BBC's famous Timelord - Doctor What And The
Return Of The Garlics. Then, in a nod to their Yorkshire roots, an affectionate
parody of the Pirates Of The Caribbean series - Pirates Of The Red Rother.

"Each year we do a different theme," Barry said.

With more than 20 years in Chuckle Vision - one of children's TV's
longest-running programmes - the double-act draw in theatre audiences spanning
the generations.

This, remember, is a duo who first came to national attention in 1974, when they
won New Faces.

Barry said there was a simple reason for their continued popularity.

"The kids don't see you as being old, they see you as the Chuckle Brothers," he
said.

Despite their advancing years - both are now in their 60s - Barry says touring
is "a good way for us to keep fit and to keep us going with something to do
every day".

The Ghostly Shadows When: Tuesday, April 12, 4.15pm and 7pm Where: Hull New
Theatre, Kingston Square, Hull Entry: £13 Call: 01482 300300

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SKIT: The Chuckle Brothers as Barry Potty and his Full Blood Brother
Paul in The Ghostly Shadows.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDM


                         Copyright 2011 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved

                              221 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            Evening News (Edinburgh)

                           August 26, 2004, Thursday

GAMES GET BRUSH-OFF IN MSPS TV BAN

BYLINE: Ian Swanson Scottish Political Editor

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 584 words


MSPS have been banned from playing games on their new widescreen TVs at the
Holyrood parliament - but will be allowed to tune in to Basil Brush and the
Chuckle Brothers.

Parliament bosses have exercised a form of parental control by ordering the
digital games facility, which comes as part of the standard package, to be
disabled on TVs for politicians and staff in the new GBP 431 million building.

Shopping, lifestyle and sports channels have also been blocked.

But the authorities decided to keep the BBC children's channel, CBBC, because it
might be useful in the parliament's creche.

Today, MSPs complained they were being treated like children by not being
trusted to use their televisions appropriately.

Tory frontbencher Brian Monteith said: "It's insulting. It is typical of the
oversensitivity of the parliament. I don't know of any MSP who would have the
time to sit playing games on their digital television."

And independent Lothians MSP Margo MacDonald said: "It is treating MSPs like
children."

The Evening News revealed in June that parliament bosses had splashed out more
than GBP 663,000 on nearly 400 widescreen televisions for MSPs and staff at
Holyrood.

The TVs come with the basic Telewest "starter" package which includes nearly 40
different channels plus digital games and quizzes. But MSPs pressing the games
button on the console will be told: "This service not available."

The package has been trimmed back to the main terrestrial channels, a range of
news channels and internal channels showing proceedings in the debating chamber
and committee rooms.

However, the TVs will still have CBBC, which features not only the Chuckle
Brothers but also children's favourite Basil Brush.

Mr Monteith said: "Children's television will be more entertaining than some of
the speeches we have to sit through."

And Ms MacDonald demanded: "How will we be able to tell the difference between
the Chuckle Brothers and First Minister's Questions?"

A parliament insider said: "It was just not felt appropriate for parliament to
be providing these channels.

"Okay, some people might use their TV to watch EastEnders, but there are no
conceivable circumstances when they should be watching a racing or shopping
channel."

Ms MacDonald, a fan of shopping channel QVC - one of those ordered to be
blocked, said: "It may be there are some of my colleagues who thoroughly enjoy
the Chuckle Brothers, but if they can get to see their programme I should get to
see mine."

She said she had started shopping by TV when she was unwell and trying to
conserve her energy for work.

And Ms MacDonald, who is pursuing a campaign to promote more sport in schools,
also criticised the decision to exclude sports channels.

Liberal Democrat MSP Donald Gorrie said it had been a mistake to spend so much
money on TVs in the first place.

"All we needed was small monitors to let us see what is going on in the chamber.
It seems bizarre to get an over-elaborate system and then disable parts of it."

And Tory MSP Ted Brocklebank added: "It is a real piece of nannyism. We are
supposed to be adults."

And Mike Pringle, Liberal Democrat MSP for Edinburgh South, said: "The
televisions were a waste of money in the first place, but if they have a
package, why not just leave it? They are treating us like children."

A parliament spokesman said: "There is no cost difference in setting up our
basic package in this way."


LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                 Copyright 2004 The Scotsman Publications Ltd.

                              222 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                            Evening Times (Glasgow)

                            February 14, 2014 Friday
                                   1 Edition

Comedians raise a chuckle  or two from the witness box

BYLINE: NO BYLINE

SECTION: HS - NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 279 words


With witnesses including the likes of the Chuckle Brothers, the lead singer of
1970s pop group Showaddywaddy and a member of Pan's People, the trial of Dave
Lee Travis was always going to be a lively one.

The scene at Southwark Crown Court - more commonly a centre for serious fraud
cases to be heard - was a colourful one from the start, and that was just down
to Travis's array of patterned ties.

During her closing speech, even prosecutor Miranda Moore QC admitted the
four-week case had seen its fair share of "humour" - noting the evidence of
former Showaddywaddy lead singer Dave Bartram.

As he took to the witness box, Mr Bartram spoke of speeding on his way to one of
Travis's gigs, prompting the judge to tell him to stop talking so he did not
implicate himself.

Children's entertainers the Chuckle Brothers caused a stir.

The pair, real-life siblings Paul and Barry Elliott, starred alongside Travis in
a production of Aladdin in the early 1990s, and spoke of playing card games with
the veteran broadcaster. One of the brothers, who played the Chinese policemen
to Travis's "evil uncle" Abanazar, caused titters in the public gallery as he
was reminded by the judge to refer to himself as "I" rather than "we" as he gave
evidence, clearly finding it hard to separate himself from his act.

A touch of retro glamour was brought to the court room when Patricia "Dee Dee"
Wilde, who as part of Pan's People was a regular on Top Of The Pops in the 1960s
and 1970s, took to the witness box.

Ms Wilde said that as young, female dancers she and the rest of the troupe
always had plenty of male attention, but would "slap down" anyone who approached
them that they did not want to.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chuckle Brothers Paul and Barry Elliott gave evidence

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ET


                      Copyright 2014 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved

                              223 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                           December 13, 2011 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Chuckle Brothers in city;
In Brief

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 126 words


EAST HULL: The Chuckle Brothers are to officially open the new nursery at
Longhill Primary School tomorrow.

The nursery was destroyed by a fire last November. Pupils lost all their work
and toys and had to be taught in the school hall before being moved to a
Portacabin in February.

The local community rallied around and replacement toys were donated to the
school.

The new nursery unit was finally ready to move back into in September.

Barry and Paul Chuckle are in Hull taking part in Hull New Theatre's 2011
pantomime of Cinderella. They have been asked to Longhill Primary School as
guests of honour for the official opening.

To celebrate the opening of the nursery, all 260 children at the school will be
taken to see the Chuckle Brothers in the pantomime.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDM


                         Copyright 2011 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved

                              224 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                            Scarborough Evening News

                             August 7, 2009 Friday

Chuckle Brothers back Futurist redevelopment: COMMENT ON THIS STORY

LENGTH: 202 words



HIGHLIGHT: CHILDREN'S favourites the Chuckle Brothers have given their support
for the redevelopment of the Futurist.


The brothers, who have been coming to Scarborough for a number of years, often
playing to sell out audiences, premiere some of their shows at the seafront
venue and also bring their pantomime each christmas to the town.

The theatre is important to Barry and Paul Elliot because of the size of the
stage and the theatre's audience capacity.

In Wednesday's Evening News we revealed the plans for the Futurist and showed
artists' illustrations of how Scarborough's seafront could look if the venue was
transformed.

In the autumn official plans will be revealed for the building and its allied
properties.

The site offers the possible potential of a development stretching as far back
as King Street off the town centre.

It is hoped that the Futurist will retain its theatre but could include a hotel,
cinema screens, restaurant, apartments and exhibition area but the building is
badly in need of serious renovation.

The cost of a refurbishment of the venue was estimated at £2 million three years
ago.

The Chuckle Brothers are currently performing Chuckle Trek: The Lost Generation
at the theatreeach Thursday until August 27.

They will return to the Futurist on December 13 for their Christmas pantomime A
Christmas Chuckle.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SEN


                       Copyright 2009 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              225 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Evening Gazette

                           September 20, 2013 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Chuckles at the panto;
DARLINGTON CIVIC PANTOMIME

SECTION: WHATS ON;FEATURES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 384 words


IT'LL be belly laughs all the way for panto lovers on Teesside this season - oh
yes it will!

For bringing their own brand of hilarious comedy to me and to you will be The
Chuckle Brothers who are headlining in Aladdin at Darlington Civic Theatre.

The pair rubbed their magic lamp at a special photo call earlier this week to
launch the colourful spectacular.

It is the sixth time they will have graced the theatre's stage - and Paul and
Barry are looking forward to it. Plenty of slapstick, mayhem and jokes are
already on their radar so expect a fun filled fresh show.

"It will be our sixth panto here," said Barry. "We love it. We have always had a
really good fan base in the North-east."

"We love being able to go in and give people a really good belly laugh - and
possibly bring your raincoats if you are sitting at the front!" warned Paul.

The Bafta award-winning Chuckles play Wishee and Washee - roles they last took
on at Darlington 12 years ago. They join a cast that includes Philip Meeks who
will take the role of panto dame Widow Twankey, TV and stage actor Phil Corbitt
as baddie Abanazar and Darlington's Beth Stobbart as the Princess in her first
professional panto role.

"This is such a magical time of year for us - especially after the recent
uncertainty over the future of the theatre," said Lynda Winstanley, Civic
Theatre director.

"We are delighted to be presenting Aladdin, our fabulous annual pantomime which
is always such a wonderful treat - bringing families into our historic venue for
fun and laughter during the festive season.

"The Chuckle Brothers are a welcome return as is our Dame from last year, Philip
Meeks, and we are so pleased that our local talent Beth Stobbart is making her
panto debut with us to play the Princess.

Along with Phil Corbitt, we have a very special show lined up."

Jon Conway, Aladdin's executive producer, said: "After the huge success of last
year's Sleeping Beauty at the Civic Theatre, we are thrilled to return with a
bigger and better show than ever.

"With the comedy genius of The Chuckle Brothers to the forefront of this year's
pantomime and such a talented cast, we know that Aladdin is going to be a truly
magnificent and unmissable show."

Aladdin runs from December 7 until January 12, 2014. Details at
www.darlingtoncivic.co.uk or 01325 486555.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Aladdin cast at the photo , including Paul and Barry, the Chuckle
Brothers, left, who play Wishee and Washee with Philip Meeks as Widow Twankey,
Phil Corbitt as Abanazar and The Princess played by Beth Stobbart IAN MCINTYRE
170913CHUCKLE_04

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EGM


                    Copyright 2013 Gazette Media Company Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              226 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                          Scunthorpe Evening Telegraph

                               September 4, 2003

'To me, to you' to continue

SECTION: News; Other; Others; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 353 words


Mr Elliott (55), formerly of Belton, called the Telegraph from a television
studio where he is recording another series of Chucklevision to inform his fans
the brothers have no plans to quit the job just yet.  Laughing at the news, Mr
Elliott, who is the younger half of the act with brother Barry, said the rumours
started on the TV programme 'It will be All Right on the Night' last weekend.

"It said on the programme, as a gag, children's favourite the Chuckle Brothers
are due to retire next year," he said.

"It saw the presenter jumping up and down on a chair and then showed lots of
children jumping up and down. It was a joke and everyone has believed him." On a
national radio station, rumours of the brothers' retirement from the
entertainment business were also aired.

And various fan websites stated the Chuckle Brothers had also retired.

But, the Telegraph can reveal, the brothers are currently in the middle of
recording their new series of Chucklevision, to be aired in December, and have
no plans to retire.

Mr Elliott said: "By the time we have finished these episodes we will have done
250 episodes." Paul and Barry first became famous as the Harman Brothers and
forged a successful career in pantomime.

The turning point in their career came with their appearances on BBC's
Chucklehounds, followed in 1987 with their own Chucklevision television series.

The simplistic silliness and visual style of The Chuckles appealed to children
and they are remembered for their catchphrase 'To Me, To You'.

"Chucklevision was rated at number one in the viewing figures and, as long as
viewing figures are good, then we are not going to retire," added Mr Elliott.

The brothers have just finished their summer season where they toured Skegness
and Blackpool among other venues and say they will be back out again for next
year's spring and summer season.

Mr Elliott said: "Barry and I know each other backwards and working together is
brilliant.

"The new series of Chucklevision, which will be aired for three months starting
in December, will offer viewers new storylines and Barry being silly."

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2003 Scunthorpe Evening Telegraph

                              227 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                                December 6, 2002

Panto chuckle

SECTION: Features; Arts; Plays; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 342 words


The duo, in their 35th consecutive pantomime, play Wishee and Washee, a pair who
like Paul and Barry Chuckle's TV personas are sure to land themselves in an
awful lot of hot water with their comedy capers.  They are joined by their TV
pals The Patton Brothers, as Widow Twankey and the Chief of Police, while Signal
One's breakfast show hosts Andy and Louise Goulding are Abanazar and The Genie.

Paul and Barry Chuckle are real-life brothers, the youngest in a showbiz family
of eight.

They have worked in practically every field of entertainment, including
pantomime, summer season, clubs, cabaret, television, circus and ice shows.

They got their big break in 1985 with the BBC, recording a series with canine
characters The Chucklehounds for children's TV.

Then in 1987, Chucklevision came to our screens. Proving its long-lived
popularity, the BAFTA-award winning boys have just completed filming its 15th
series.

In that time, Paul and Barry have also produced a game show version of the
Chuckles, To Me, To You, echoing their famous catchphrase, also for BBC1, and a
stage show, which came to the Victoria Hall back in June, Raiders Of The Lost
Bark.

In fact, after the panto, The Chuckle Brothers return to The Regent in May in
another new show - Star Doors: The Chuckle Brothers Strike Back.

The Patton Brothers play characters such as Mr No Slacking and Mr Get Out Of It!
in Chucklevision, but this is the first time all four of the programme's
regulars have appeared in the same pantomime.

As with previous Regent pantos, Aladdin promises stunning sets, lavish costumes,
a magic lamp, powerful genies, a beautiful princess and, erm, a Chinese laundry.

"Come and see us," says Paul. "I promise you will not be disappointed. A lot of
people only know us for our TV work, but live we are something else. This
pantomime really will be something special, we are really looking forward to
it." Aladdin, Regent Theatre, Hanley, Thursday, December 12, to Sunday, January
12. Ticketline: 01782 213800.

Caption:

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2002 The Sentinel (Stoke)

                              228 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                   York Press

                              May 6, 2010 Thursday

Chuckle Brothers announce 2010 winter tour

BYLINE: Charles Hutchinson

SECTION: THEATRE (P WHATSON THEATRE)

LENGTH: 166 words


SORRY to mention Christmas already, but Paul and Barry Chuckle have announced
their 2010 winter tour, The Chuckle Brothers In The 12 Days Of Christmas.

The South Yorkshire double act will visit the Grand Opera House, York, for two
performances of their new pantomime on December 3, when Santa Claus and Paul and
Barry Elf will do battle to stop Jack Frost from ruining Christmas.

This Christmas comedy adventure by the BBC children's entertainers is suitable
for all the family "aged three to 103".

Tickets for the 4.30pm and 7.15pm shows are newly on sale on 0844 847 2322 or
online at grandoperahouseyork.org.uk

Tickets remain available too for Paul and Barry's more immediate appearance in
York, playing the Grand Opera House on Sunday afternoon in An Audience With The
Chuckle Brothers. In this one-off special at 2pm, the toothsome twosome will
show film clips, perform favourite routines and recall memorable incidents from
their long career. Questions from the audience will be encouraged too.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              229 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                          The Journal (Newcastle, UK)

                            November 26, 2010 Friday

Win Tickets To See The Chuckle Brothers

BYLINE: David Whetstone

SECTION: A; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 163 words


CULTURE Club members have the chance to win a family ticket to see the Chuckle
Brothers at The Journal Tyne Theatre on Saturday, December 4.

Paul and Barry are back for Christmas 2010 with their adaptation of Twelve Days
Of Christmas.

Meet all your favourite characters as Santa Claus and Paul and Barry Elf do
battle to stop Jack Frost from ruining the festivities.

Tickets are priced from £15 and are available from The Journal Tyne Theatre Box
office on 0844 493 9999.

FOR YOUR CHANCE TO WIN email your answer to the question below, along with your
name, address and daytime telephone number to cultureclub@ncjmedia.co.uk

Alternatively call 0191 201 6021 leaving your name, membership number, answer
and day time telephone  number by no later than Monday, November 29.

Please include "Chuckle Brothers" in the subject of your email.

QUESTION: Ebenezer Scrooge is the main character in which Christmas story?

The first correct entry drawn at random will receive the prize as offered.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              230 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                 UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Bradford

                                 March 12, 2004

Theatre Reviews

LENGTH: 468 words


After September Keighley Playhouse - The Playhouse audience was transported back
to the 60s for this light comedy based at an all girls boarding school.

After September saw us peeking into a staff-room full of misfit ageing teachers
as they faced upto the possible closure of the school that has become their
lives.

There were several funny moments the majority provided by Barbara Lowens'
sardine-obsessed dinner-lady Mrs Godfrey.

Sheila Kershaw's energetic PE teacher Miss Kershaw also kept the good sized
audience giggling with her interminable stretching and jogging.

But the comedy was a little on the light side overall and with a staff-room of
ten staff it was hard to fully warm to or engage with the characters.

The play didn't really catch the essence of the 60s with only a few references
to it and incidental music that failed to conjure images of the 'swinging'
decade.

Having said that Gilly Rogers Gill Walbank and Joan Lewin were a pleasure to
watch in their roles as the flighty English teacher the drunken RE teacher and
the mathematics madam respectively.

Performed tonight/tomorrow 7.30pm.

Stuart Roberts

The Vagina Monologues - Bradford Alhambra

It's not every show you get to see a former Blue Peter presenter faking an
orgasm.

Funny touching moving and poignant - this could be one of the most affecting
shows the Alhambra has staged.

The Vagina Monologues could have been used as an excuse for a cheap laugh at the
expense of this most delicate of areas and subjects.

And while the show is truly funny there are stories of rape camps and child
abuse that are painful to hear - but necessary to digest.

Eve Ensler's show has become a global phenomenon performed in nearly 40
countries including Iraq India and Pakistan.

Bradford had TV presenters Sarah Greene and Andrea Oliver as well as actress
Lesley Joseph to perform the show - with all three first-rate in delivery.

I felt privileged to be allowed into the wonderful world of the vagina.

Stuart Roberts

The Chuckle Brothers - St George's Hall

You don't expect much from children's comedy duo Barry and Paul.

After all they called themselves the Chuckle Brothers not the Hilarity Twins.

But don't be misled: they have better jokes timing rapport and presence than
many an adult favourite.

All ages laughed uproariously at St George's Hall as Barry and Paul presented a
Harry Potter spoof.

Their visit to Bogbrush School of Witchcraft and Wizardry was simply an excuse
for gags and sketches old and new.

Sparkling slapstick and quickfire double-act dialogue were their main weapons of
mass hysterics along with the odd mucky joke.

The Chuckle Brothers are at the Victoria Theatre Halifax on April 18.

Phone 01422 351158.

David Knights

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2004 NewsQuest Media Group Limited

                              231 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                            Scarborough Evening News

                            February 12, 2010 Friday

Save Scarborough's Futurist, say Chuckle Brothers - COMMENT ON THIS STORY

BYLINE: Steven Hugill

LENGTH: 341 words



HIGHLIGHT: COMEDY duo The Chuckle Brothers have joined the fight to save the
Futurist Theatre.


The pair are set to bring their unique brand of humour to the venue tomorrow and
said they were right behind plans to update the seaside setting.

The brothers, who have been performing in the town for more than 20 years, said
any improvements to the Futurist would help return it to its former glory. They
join other famous acts including Ken Dodd, Cannon and Ball and Jane MacDonald in
showing their support for the theatre.

Paul said: "When we come to Scarborough it almost feels like we are coming home,
it is a lovely place and one of the best seaside resorts in the country.

"The Futurist is a fabulous venue and it would be a shame if nothing could be
done to return it to being the best it can be because it is one of the finest
summer venues in the country.

"It is a wonderful theatre because it is big and expansive and it is always a
pleasure to perform here, especially with the northern audiences who are
absolutely fantastic.

"People have said we could perform at the Spa, but that wouldn't be financially
viable for us."

The brothers, who first appeared at The Corner in North Bay in the 1980s, will
be performing the first date in their new show, An Audience with The Chuckle
Brothers, and Barry said their routine would offer fans their usual mix of
humour but this time with a slight twist.

He said: "There is no real theme to this one but we are going to have a lot more
audience participation than normal so we will see how that goes. There will be
the usual sketches and jokes like in our Chucklevision television programme and
it will also act as a celebration of the 21 years we have been doing that.

"It is the first time we have done a show like this, so it will be a little
different for us and we will be getting some of the youngsters on stage to take
part in the sketches.

"The tour is a little shorter than we are normally used to and we are performing
40 shows instead of the usual 60. It is still a very tiring time travelling the
length and breadth of the country but we enjoy it and are not looking to retire
any time soon."

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SEN


                       Copyright 2010 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              232 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                              July 3, 2015 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Spall to star as Paisley in 'Chuckle Brothers' movie

BYLINE: AMANDA FERGUSON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 399 words


THE Chuckle Brothers are set to hit the big screen, with filming of the unlikely
friendship between Ian Paisley and Martin McGuinness to start later this year.

Acclaimed actor Timothy Spall looks set to take on the task of portraying the
late DUP leader and First Minister - although who will play Mr McGuinness is
still a mystery.

Filming on The Journey will start in Northern Ireland and Scotland this
September.

Co Down-based author Colin Bateman - whose novel Divorcing Jack was adapted into
a 1998 film starring David Thewlis - has written the screenplay for Belfast-born
director Nick Hamm's fictional drama chronicling the story of the one-time
enemies.

Paisley, who died in September 2014 aged 88, was famous as a firebrand preacher
and hardline unionist politician, while McGuinness (65) had made the transition
from IRA leader to senior republican politician.

Yet in the end, they found common ground and made history by entering government
together.

What was even more unexpected was the genuine bond that formed between the two -
a camaraderie that led some at Stormont to dub the pair 'The Chuckle Brothers'.

Spall is understood to be in advanced discussions to star as Paisley.

At 5ft 8ins, Spall might not have the same domineering physical presence as the
6ft 4in 'Big Man', but his acting record speaks for itself.

The 58-year-old, awarded an OBE last year by the Queen, has starred in a host of
popular TV and film projects, including Auf Wiedersehen Pet, Secrets & Lies, and
the Harry Potter franchise.

He also garnered rave reviews for playing former Prime Minister Winston
Churchill in The King's Speech and earned a best actor prize at Cannes last year
for his spellbinding portrayal of painter JMW Turner in Mike Leigh's Mr Turner.
The Journey is being funded by IM Global and Northern Ireland Screen.

IM Global confirmed to the Belfast Telegraph that "advanced discussions" were
under way and a spokeswoman for the award-winning star said no comment could be
made until a deal had been done.

Colin Bateman told his friends and online followers he was thrilled to be "back
in the movie business".

"Pleased to report that I'm back in the movie business - filming starts at the
end of September on my screenplay for The Journey, a drama based on the
relationship between Ian Paisley and Martin McGuinness," Bateman wrote on
Facebook.

"Casting for Martin McGuinness is currently taking place."

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Writer: Colin Bateman

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BTT


                Copyright 2015 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              233 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                   York Press

                               May 7, 2010 Friday

An Audience With The Chuckle Brothers, Grand Opera House, York, May 9

BYLINE: Charles Hutchinson

SECTION: COMEDY (P WHATSON COMEDY)

LENGTH: 167 words


FRESH from completing the 21st series of ChuckleVision for the BBC, Paul and
Barry Chuckle have decided to interact with their fans in a one-off special
tour.

On Sunday afternoon at the Grand Opera House, the Rotherham double act will show
film clips from their past shows; perform favourite live routines with
supporting performers; and recall their early days and the most memorable
incidents that have ensued.

Audience members should have their questions ready as Mr Noslacking and Mr
Getoutofit will be moving through the auditorium with microphones to put Paul
and Barry on the spot. "Who knows, you may even be asked on stage to join us,"
say the duo.

Tickets are still available for Sunday's show, as they are for a new double dose
of mischievous Chuckle comedy at the Opera House: The Chuckle Brothers In The 12
Days Of Christmas on December 3 at 4.30pm and 7.15pm. Box office: 0844 847 2322
or grandoperahouseyork.org.uk

* An Audience With The Chuckle Brothers, Grand Opera House, York, Sunday, 2pm

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              234 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                   Irish News

                          December 12, 2007 Wednesday

The Wednesday Column - Acting the eejit comes easy to Chuckle Brothers

BYLINE: Brian Feeney

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 665 words


"All the cardinals are praying for you, ha, ha, ha." "I don't know why they're
praying for me. It's you they need to be praying for, haw, haw, haw."

This is an example of the scalpel-sharp wit that has Martin McGuinness and Ian
Paisley guffawing uncontrollably every time they see each other.

That was the reported exchange after McGuinness returned from Rome where he saw
Archbishop Sean Brady made a cardinal. Side-splitting? Hilarious? Even just
funny? Any trace of wit?

Not a bit of it. In fact there's no evidence that either of them has ever said
anything remotely funny to the other. On the contrary, all the overheard and
reported exchanges are remarkable for being uniformly banal and trite.

Indeed the only people who find the remarks at all funny are the Chuckle
Brothers themselves.

Look at the bystanders. They have embarrassed smiles on their faces. Sometimes
they shoot nervous sidelong glances in case anyone else sees anything to laugh
at, then reassured that no-one does, they continue to smile politely.

Except George W Bush. He laughed. Look closely if you get a chance to watch any
replays.

Admittedly it's difficult to decipher any expression on Bush's face since his
eyes are so close together he could wear a monocle over both, but he was
laughing.

Not at what the pair were saying, however. How could he, even if he understood
their accents? No. He was laughing AT them. He was laughing at them because he
recognised them for what they are - two country bumpkins star-struck by being in
Washington and sitting in the White House with the president.

What a relief it must have been for Bush to have these two grinning faces in
front of him. No wonder he stayed with them for nearly an hour. They must have
been the first two sycophants from outside the US that he's met for years.

Everyone else he induced to support him has been kicked out of office - Aznar in
Spain, Berlusconi in Italy, the terrible Polish twins, Blair in Britain and a
fortnight ago Howard in Australia. For all these people sucking up to Bush has
been the kiss of death.

Which raises the question, what was Martin McGuinness doing fawning over this
guy? Paisley you can understand since he has ideas even more daft than Bush but
McGuinness, whose party opposes everything Bush has ever done?

You might think that Bush is only reviled everywhere outside the US. In fact he
is deeply unpopular in the US, languishing with the lowest poll ratings in
living memory.

He is likely to be seen as the worst American president in history. It is
American critics of Bush's awful period in office who are the most virulent, not
foreigners.

American commentators fear that it will take a generation for the US to recover
the country's moral authority that Bush has thrown away with his
administration's torture, kidnapping, imprisonment without trial and disastrous
interference in the Middle East, to list a few items from his appalling record.

Yet there's Martin McGuinness grinning and simpering as if he was in the
presence of a respected statesman. At least Gordon Brown had the wit not to be
filmed too close to Bush - stills yes, but don't look as if you're enjoying it,
not a difficult task for Brown.

Was it worth the risk to be seen toadying to Bush? Does McGuinness even know it
was a risk? Does he know his White House smarm-in got virtually zero coverage in
the US, so what was the point in letting people here see him glad-handing the
man every Sinn Fein voter despises?

Will Bush visit the north? Nope. Did Bush get anything out of the Chuckle
Brothers' visit other than a 50-minute respite from criticism? Nope. Were the
Chuckle Brothers able to announce a single investment deal as a result of their
visit? Nope.

Why did they go before Sir David Varney's review of the north's business tax
arrangements was published? Is it because they know there's going to be nothing
in it so the timing of the visit didn't matter?

Finally, do they know the Chuckle Brothers are two guys acting the eejit on
children's TV?

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The Irish News Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              235 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                              New Musical Express

                               November 11, 2014

Tinchy Stryder to appear in new series of 'I'm A Celebrityâ ¦'

LENGTH: 233 words



HIGHLIGHT: The grime star will appear alongside Jimmy Bullard, Melanie Sykes,
Craig Charles and others


Rapper Tinchy Stryder has been announced as one of the contestants of this
year's I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here.

The grime star will appear alongside the likes of footballer Jimmy Bullard, TV
presenter Melanie Sykes, DJ and Coronation Street star Craig Charles and more.
The new series will start on on ITV 1 this Sunday (November 16).

Tinchy follows fellow music stars including Sex Pistols/PiL frontman John Lydon,
former East 17 singer Brian Harvey, McBusted's Matt Willis and Happy Mondays
frontman Shaun Ryder in appearing on the ITV jungle-based show.

Tinchy Stryder recently shared a video for his collaborative track with
children's television personalities The Chuckle Brothers. The resulting track,
'To Me, To You', which you can see below, was released to raise funds for the
African Caribbean Leukaemia Trust.

The Chuckle Brothers' manager Phil Dale commented on the team-up: "Tinchy grew
up with The Chuckle Brothers and has been a longtime fan of theirs, so after
that he invited them to his London studio."

He continued: "It was just a bit of fun to see what could happen because they
really got on with each other. Then they came back and filmed the video. You
couldn't put it together if you tried but it was just the very fact that they
were having fun with Tinchy, and he was having fun with them and they got on
like a house on fire. They still contact each other all the time."

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                        Copyright 2014 IPC Magazines Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              236 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday

Chuckle Brother shock at Dave Lee Travis sex trial

BYLINE: Helen William

LENGTH: 406  words


One of the comic duo, who perform as the Chuckle Brothers, said it had come as a
"complete shock" to him to hear claims that DJ Dave Lee Travis indecently
assaulted a stagehand in a pantomime in which they had starred.

The children's television entertainers - real names Paul and Barry Elliott -
shared the bill alongside Travis in Aladdin in 1990 where the alleged incident
is said to have happened, London's Southwark Crown Court yesterday heard.

Travis, 69, denies two counts of indecent assault and one of sexual assault.

Paul Elliott told the jury he never heard claims that Travis had been
inappropriate with anyone. He said: "Never at all. The first that I heard about
it was in the newspapers and it was a complete shock."

He also dismissed suggestions female staff had to be chaperoned and told not to
go to Travis's room, saying: "Never saw anything like that. We were sharing the
bill and we would have been told of anything that was going on."

One of Travis's alleged victims claims the former BBC Radio 1 and Top of the
Pops host was interrupted by the Chuckle Brothers during the alleged assault,
the prosecution has said.

Stephen Vullo QC, defending, asked if he had seen a stagehand come out of
Travis's room. He replied: "I never saw anything or had any suspicions."

Also appearing at the trial was Dee Dee Wilde, a member of Pan's People, the
all-girl dance troupe on Top of the Pops, who said Travis was a professional
"lovable big bear of a man" but sexual predator Jimmy Savile was "a rather nasty
man".

As a Radio 1 DJ up to 1993, Travis was a regular host on Top of the Pops host
and a contemporary of Savile.

Ms Wilde said the dancers suffered bruised bottoms after relentlessly being
pinched on a trip to Madrid.

Mr Vullo asked: "From what you know of Mr Travis, did he fall in to the category
of a man who thought it was OK to pinch?"

Ms Wilde replied: "Absolutely not. In fact, you felt safe with Dave."

In contrast, when recalling Savile, she said: "I felt totally uncomfortable in
the presence of Jimmy Savile and so did the other girls as well."

Ms Wilde, who set up Pan's People, which performed on the show from 1968 to
1976, told the jury the dancers sometimes put up with the odd "very flirtatious"
man who thought they could "try it on and so would try it on".

Ms Wilde said of Travis: "I liked him tremendously. I did not see him do
anything inappropriate in all the years I have known Dave."

The trial continues.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              237 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                Chorley Guardian

                            April 11, 2013 Thursday

It's the Ghostly Chuckles

LENGTH: 236  words


The Chuckle Brothers return to the Charter Theatre with their Phantom of the
Opera.

It's Chucklevision at the Charter Theatre tomorrow with the return of the
nation's favourite brotherly duo The Chuckle Brothers, who are touring the UK
with their new show, Meet the Phantom at the Theatre.

Barry Elliott, now 68, and brother Paul, 65, first found fame with their
long-running kids TV show, ChuckleVision, in 1987.

They were a big hit at the Charter last year with their Pirates of the Caribbean
spoof, Pirates of the River Rother, and previous shows like Indiana Chuckles and
the Kingdom of the Mythical Sulk and Aladdin have also been popular there.

This time, the Chuckles are faced with a ghostly presence in the theatre that is
scaring all the customers away.

Paul and Barry try to help the theatre manager to get his business back in order
but, as ever with the twosome, not quite everything goes to plan!

Children and their families will enjoy the show's sing-along panto songs, magic,
UV puppets and, of course, the Chuckle Brothers' signature slapstick humour -
complete with catchphrase, "To me, to you!"

Meet the Phantom at the Theatre is showing this Friday at 2pm at the Charter
Theatre.

Tickets are priced at £14 and are available from the Guild Hall box office on
0845 344 2012 or online at www.prestonguildhall.com.

For groups of 10 or more, the 11th ticket is free, or family tickets are also
available at £52.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WCGD


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              238 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                              Liverpool Daily Echo

                             May 17, 2005, Tuesday

TIME OFF: WEEKEND: ALL A BOARD FOR A FEW CHUCKLES

SECTION: First Edition; FEATURES; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 194 words


HOY there shipmates! Get ready to giggle because The Chuckle Brothers are back
in town.

Paul and Barry are sailing the high seas for a swashbuckling adventure at the
Empire Theatre.

There will be ghost ships, pirates lots of fun and - oh dear - calamity as the
two star in Pirates of the River Rother.

The brothers get into scrapes with Pirate Captain RedBeard and Horatio Nelson
Slacking as they search for the famous hidden treaure trove of Slack Island.

There are the usual comic capers: when one shouts 'all hands on deck', the other
shouts 'all Ant and Dec?', and when the cry goes up to 'abandon ship' the
response is, of course, 'I hope it's not McFly'.' (Think about it).

As ever the Chuckles, real life silly siblings Jimmy and Brian Patton, combine
pantomime, music hall, traditional stand-up and slapstick with a little help
from the tumbling of The Acromaniacs and the magic of Safire.

The audience even gets to sing along to current favourite Is This The Way to
Amarillo? Could anyone ask for more THE Chuckle Brothers are starring in Pirates
of the River Rother at the Empire Theatre on Sunday, May 22. Tel: 0870 606 3404

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Newspaper

               Copyright 2005 The Liverpool Daily Post & Echo Ltd

                              239 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (England)

                           December 1, 2010 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

MY SHRINE..TO THE CHUCKLE BROTHERS;
No1 fan Shaun

BYLINE: ROBIN PERRIE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 41

LENGTH: 171 words


MADCAP Shaun Hope shows off his spare bedroom - a shrine to the CHUCKLE
BROTHERS.

The dad of two, 39, reckons he is the comedy duo's biggest fan.

His souvenir haul includes thousands of items including DVDs, posters, mugs,
pens, keyrings and baseball caps.

And he has collected their autographs more than 500 TIMES. Shaun said: "They are
the world's funniest performers - and the nicest guys you could hope to meet."

His obsession began ten years ago when he took son Ben, now 15, to see the pair
- catchphrase "To me, to you" - in panto.

He ended up joining them on stage and admitted: "After that I was hooked."

Shaun, of Willington, Co Durham, has since seen them perform about 60 times.

Theatre programmes he has collected date back to the 1960s when the pair - real
names Barry, 65, and Paul Elliott, 63 - appeared as the Harman Brothers.

Nursery worker Shaun, whose wife Sonia, 42, is also a fan, now regards the
Rotherham-born comedians as friends.

The Chuckle Brothers said: "Shaun is a super, super guy." r.perrie@the-sun.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUN


                    Copyright 2010 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved

                              240 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                            Birmingham Evening Mail

                             May 22, 2007, Tuesday
                             Staffordshire Edition

WIN great Chuckle Brothers goodies;
Family Life

SECTION: COMPETITION/OFFERS; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 247 words


FULL to the brim with lashings of slapstick comedy, Paul and Barry Chuckle's
2005 sell-out tour. The Pirates Of The River Rother, was released on DVD
yesterday - and we have 20 signed copies to give away today.

Released by Liberation Entertainment, this is the first DVD featuring the
Bafta-nominated, long-standing comedy duo, who are best known for their hugely
successful BBC1 series. Chuckle Vision.

The Chuckle Brothers' unique brand of entertainment, catchphrases and knack for
bringing mayhem and chaos wherever they go has made them firm family favourites
with children of all ages.

Their adventure aboard a pirate ship in The Pirates Of The River Rother is no
exception.

Before long, they are causing havoc and hilarity while tackling pirates and
looking for lost treasures, riding the waves on the high seas.

To win an exclusive, signed copy of the DVD, tell us the names of Paul and
Barry's TV series.

Write your answer on a postcard or back of a sealed envelope and send, with your
name, age, address, phone number and Chipper number, to CHIPPER CHUCKLE BROTHERS
COMPETITION, PO BOX 30, Weaman Street, Birmingham B4 6BA. You can also leave
your answer on our special competition line, 0901 380 1240. Calls cost no more
than 25p, but please ask for permission from the person who pays the phone bill
before you ring. The winners will be the senders of the first 20 correct entries
drawn after the closing date of Tuesday May 29. The usual Mail children's
competition rules apply.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              241 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                               Chester Chronicle

                                January 21, 2010
                                 County Edition

One night stands for all at Palace and Opera House

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 49

LENGTH: 186 words


FROM the world-famous Chippendales, the cult Circus of Horrors and the
much-loved TV favourites The Chuckle Brothers, February has something for all at
the Opera House and Palace Theatre in Manchester.

It's been five long years, but now The Chippendales are back. Following a
sell-out run at the 2009 Edinburgh Fringe Festival and a wildly acclaimed show
at London's Shepherd's Bush Empire, the world-famous male revue show is heading
for the Opera House at 8pm on Saturday, February 6. Cult show The Circus of
Horrors is celebrating its 15th sensational year with a major revamp and is back
rocking and shocking with its new show The Day of the Dead.

The show is at the Palace Theatre on Thursday, February 18 at 7.30pm.

Having completed the 21st series of Chucklevision for the BBC, Paul and Barry
have decided to interact live with their audience and fans.

In An Audience with The Chuckle Brothers, they will be showing film clips of
some of their favourite routines.. An Audience with The Chuckle Brothers is at
the Palace Theatre on February 20 at 2pm. To book tickets call the booking line
on 0844 847 2484.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ch


                           Copyright 2010 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              242 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            Nottingham Evening Post

                                  May 4, 2001

Tree of Chuckles
 SPOOKY GOINGS ON Royal Concert Hall, Nottingham, Sunday

SECTION: Arts & Entertainment: Theatre - Productions, Pg.3

LENGTH: 469 words


BARRIE and Paul Chuckle are not alone.

While Barrie, 54, and Paul, 53, have found fame as the famous Chuckle Brothers,
their older brothers, Jimmy, 69, and Brian, 67, have been entertaining for years
as the Patton Brothers.

The family comes from Rotherham, South Yorkshire, where their father, Gene
Patton, was a comic. Jimmy and Brian followed in his footsteps, while their
middle brother Colin, now 60, went into the motor trade. He has just retired as
a service manager for Ford.

Their sister, Sheila, later went on to marry the actor Bill Waddington, who
played Percy Sugden in Coronation Street.

Barrie says: "It was always our intention that when Paul left school, we would
team up, which is what we did.

"We first appeared, as the Harman Brothers, with Dorothy Squires at the London
Palladium in 1963.

"We had been brought up on variety, though and when it was obviously going, we
thought,'Blimey!' How are we going to earn a living?'

"But then along came summer seasons and pantomimes, and we kept on earning a
living. We have never had to do anything else."

Their father died 14 years ago, their mother only last year. The family are
close, almost clannish.

The Patton Brothers now appear in the Chuckle Brothers shows.

The family still live around Rotherham, and are all mad-keen Rotherham United
supporters.

The exception is Brian, who after he married went to live in Kent.

"That's no problem. It's simply that, after the show, he goes a different way to
the rest of us," says Barrie.

Their first exposure to television was back in 1974 when as the Harman Brothers,
they won Opportunity Knocks. Marti Caine - from nearby Sheffield - was another
winner that season.

Most of the Chuckles/Pattons are grandfathers, with the exception of Barrie,
though his children, a son and a daughter are now grown up.

How do they feel about their father doing what he does? "It doesn't bother them.
They've grown up with it.

"They used to travel around with me. It's part of their lives."

The trick of it, as Barrie sees it, is performing the sort of material that
makes he and Paul laugh.

If it doesn't work for them, it won't work for their young audiences.

"We have writers who produce material for us, then we sit down, go though it and
see how it fits together.

"If we laugh, then we hope the audiences will, but of course we have a lot of
material we don't use, not because there is anything wrong with it, but because
it just won't work for us."

When he's not at work, Barrie's at home, in an 18th-Century barn conversion.

"There's an acre-and-a-half garden, and luckily I like gardening. There's plenty
for me to do."

The Chuckle Brothers' Spooky Goings On is at Nottingham's Royal Concert Hall on
Sunday (May 6), with shows at 2.30 and 6pm. Tickets are GBP 7.50 per adult, GBP
6.50 per child.

JOHN BRUNTON

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

                     Copyright 2001 Nottingham Evening Post

                              243 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            Evening News (Edinburgh)

                             April 6, 2001, Friday

PLENTY OF CHUCKLES TO BE HAD AT THE PLAYHOUSE

BYLINE: Doug Johnstone

SECTION: Pg. 30

LENGTH: 205 words


IT would be easy to have a pop at The Chuckle Brothers, but that would do the
immensely successful children's entertainers a huge disservice.

Sunday afternoon sees the bungling duo bringing their anarchic brand of
slapstick to the Playhouse, and fans of the brothers won't be disappointed.

In Spooky Goings On, Paul and Barry Chuckle promise to provide all the usual
japes and scrapes that have made their long-running series Chucklevision such a
hit. So expect plenty of nonsense, the usual hard line boss Mr No Slacking
giving the lads a hard time, and plenty of "To me, to you" shouting.

Chucklevision is now in its 15th series, and the lads continue to go from
strength to strength, with the show recently nominated for a Children's BAFTA
Award.

The mulletted and moustachioed pair of Yorkshire misfits have come a long way
since 1985, when they first dressed up in leftover dog outfits from It's A
Knockout for their Chucklehounds shows.

But take care to turn up at The Playhouse on the right day, otherwise
unsuspecting fans of classic slapstick comedy may be subjected to a Jimmy Nail
concert.

The Chuckle Brothers, The Playhouse, Sunday April 8, 2pm, GBP 7.50 (GBP 6.50),
0870 6063424


LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                 Copyright 2001 The Scotsman Publications Ltd.

                              244 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                    The Sun

                               December 14, 2005

FURY AS LUVVIES INVADE PANTO

BYLINE: Caroline Iggulden

LENGTH: 476 words


STAR WARS have broken out with "old school" pantomime acts jeering a new wave of
luvvie actors for upstaging them in traditional Christmas productions.

Panto veterans The Chuckle Brothers yesterday hit out at the thespians trying to
tread on their turf.

This Christmas a host of high-profile classical actors are starring in the
seasonal spectaculars.

Sir Ian McKellen started the trend last year when he appeared as Widow Twankey
at the Old Vic in London, a role he revisits this Christmas.

And the likes of Simon Callow, Richard Wilson and Susan Hampshire are also
getting in on the act.

If the trend continues, scores of ex-sportsmen, soap stars, Big Brother has
beens and veteran Dames could be forced out of their natural home in local
theatres.

All together now -"Boooooooo."

Slapstick double act Paul and Barry Chuckle are leading the charge against the
luvvies. They are starring in Jack And The Beanstalk at the Theatre Royal,
Plymouth. Paul said: "Panto has survived 200 years because audiences don't want
to take it too seriously. The very essence of panto is that audiences love the
variety, the novelty gimmick, mixed with the experienced panto expert.

"The whole point is it is light entertainment -it's for families." Perennial
panto favourite Christopher Biggins has had a panto ranto too, despite the fact
that he is directing Simon Callow in Aladdin at Richmond and starring alongside
him as well.

He said: "I wouldn't like to see panto become a bandwagon actors jumped on
because it is 'trendy."

"To appear in panto you need to have a sense of fun in your heart. I don't think
it would be good if panto was overrun by actors who take it too seriously.

"I wouldn't like to see the Royal Shakespeare company performing a pantomime!"

However, he reckons both McKellen and Callow are doing a good job: "They are
both actors who can pull it off. Sir Ian has a love of the campness of
pantomime.

"They are both game for a laugh and are the kind of actors who can carry it off.

The odd posh actor is OK."

I'm A Celebrity stars Cannon & Ball are also keen to stop panto being poshed up.

The duo, who are appearing in Dick Whittington in Hull, said: "Panto nowadays
has extremely high West End production standards, but audiences want to laugh.

"It's tongue firmly in cheek. We prefer the likes of Joe Pasquale or The Chuckle
Brothers."

So they probably won't be popping down to Wimbledon to see Richard Wilson and
Susan Hampshire in Cinderella.

There is one classical star Tommy and Bobby do back: "If you want posh, you've
got Basil Brush. What's more posh than Basil?"

The foxy one stars alongside not-too-posh Todd Carty in High Wycombe.

Are there too many luvvie actors in panto? Ring our hotline

Oh yes there are 09063 612 213

Oh no there aren't 09063 612 214


LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2005 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD

                              245 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                          Dumfries & Galloway Standard

                                 March 11, 2011
                                  1st Edition

More Chuckles

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 213 words


CARLISLE is bracing itself for another deluge of fun and watery antics when the
Chuckle Brothers return to the stage.

In the brothers' brand new adventure, Barry Potty and His Full Blood Brother
Paul in The Ghostly Shadows, Barry and Paul arrive accidentally at Pigsnorts
School of Magic where the evil Lord Fonterall is plotting to take over the
school.

Will he win and stop The Chuckle Brothers in their attempt to spoil his evil and
wicked plan? Featuring ghosts, ghouls and spectacular magic the show takes place
at 2pm and 5pm on Saturday, April 2, at the Sands Centre, Carlisle.

And the Standard has teamed up with those generous people at the Sands Centre to
give away a pair of tickets to the 5pm performance to two lucky readers.

For a chance to win, simply tell us what is the name of the school in which
Harry Potter is set? Write the answer down on a postcard, with your name address
and daytime contact details and send it to: Chuckle Brothers competition, The
Standard, Park Lane, Dumfries, DG1 2AX, to reach us by Friday, March 18.

Winners will be chosen from a random draw and notified by post.

Usual Scottish and Universal Newspaper Ltd competition rules apply, a copy of
which may be obtained from the editorial department by writing to the above
address.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dg


                           Copyright 2011 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              246 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                 Sunday Mercury

                             April 22, 2001, Sunday

LIVING: THEATRE REVIEW - DOUBLE DOSE OF LAUGHTER;
 THE CHUCKLE BROTHERS, GRAND THEATRE, WOLVERHAMPTON

BYLINE: Elizabeth Larner

SECTION: Pg. 47

LENGTH: 217 words


THE panto season may be over - but try telling that to the Chuckle Brothers.

The terrible twosome were in full thigh-slapping mode during a fabulous Easter
show that wowed kids and adults alike.

In Spooky Goings On, staged at Wolverhampton's Grand Theatre, Paul and Barry
Chuckle provided all the usual japes that have made their long-running TV series
Chucklevision such a hit.

The theatre show featured our gurning heroes being sent to 'cheer up' a haunted
hotel with predictably slapstick consequences.

Custard pies, messy cooking and plate smashing abounded as the hapless pair
clowned their way to inevitable triumph.

Throughout the show, the brothers held the attention of young fans with their
comic antics including pelting the crowd with spiders - which turned out to be
rice.

And mum and dad could not escape the fun as four reluctant parents were dragged
on to the stage for a gunge-soaked version of the Goldilocks story.

The show, which featured colourful sets and a wonderful puppet show, ended with
a sing-a-long as the victorious Chuckle Bros beat the ghosts and their bullying
boss to save the day.

Laughing tots Tom and Tia, along with cousin Marie, agreed it had been a
fantastic performance from their favourite double act - and so did their mum.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2001 Midland Independent Newspapers plc

                              247 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                               Bridgwater Mercury

                             April 24, 2012 Tuesday

Chuckle Brothers to play Weston next month

SECTION: THEATRE (BM WHATSON THEATRE)

LENGTH: 220 words


MADCAP duo the Chuckle Brothers will entertain adults and kids alike when they
take to the stage in Weston next month.

Real life brothers Paul and Barry will present Return of the Pirates of the
River Rother 2 in Stranger Tights at Weston's Playhouse on May 6.

The zany adventure follows Paul and Barry as they visit a theme park for the day
and decide to brave one of the daring water rides.

Once inside they lean on a wall and accidentally fall through to find themselves
magically transported back in time in to a world of pirates and sunken
treasures.

Paul and Barry Chuckle have worked in almost every field of entertainment, from
pantomime, summer season, clubs, cabaret, TV, touring revues, circus and even an
ice- show.

They got their big break in 1985, recording The Chucklehounds, a pre-school show
for the BBC.

Two years later, Chucklevision first aired on the nation's screens and has been
entertaining young TV viewers ever since.

In addition to their TV work, The Chuckle Brothers have performed a variety of
stage show tours, including Doctor What and the Return of the Garlics, Indiana
Chuckles and the Kingdom Of the Mythical Sulk, and ChuckleTrek the Lost
Generation.

Performances will be at 2pm and 5pm.

Tickets cost £14 or £52 for a family ticket, available on 01934-645544 and
online at www.theplayhouse.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              248 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                        Burnham & Highbridge Weekly News

                             April 24, 2012 Tuesday

Chuckle Brothers to play Weston

SECTION: LEISURE NEWS

LENGTH: 220 words


MADCAP duo the Chuckle Brothers will entertain adults and kids alike when they
take to the stage in Weston next month.

Real life brothers Paul and Barry will present Return of the Pirates of the
River Rother 2 in Stranger Tights at Weston's Playhouse on May 6.

The zany adventure follows Paul and Barry as they visit a theme park for the day
and decide to brave one of the daring water rides.

Once inside they lean on a wall and accidentally fall through to find themselves
magically transported back in time in to a world of pirates and sunken
treasures.

Paul and Barry Chuckle have worked in almost every field of entertainment, from
pantomime, summer season, clubs, cabaret, TV, touring revues, circus and even an
ice- show.

They got their big break in 1985, recording The Chucklehounds, a pre-school show
for the BBC.

Two years later, Chucklevision first aired on the nation's screens and has been
entertaining young TV viewers ever since.

In addition to their TV work, The Chuckle Brothers have performed a variety of
stage show tours, including Doctor What and the Return of the Garlics, Indiana
Chuckles and the Kingdom Of the Mythical Sulk, and ChuckleTrek the Lost
Generation.

Performances will be at 2pm and 5pm.

Tickets cost £14 or £52 for a family ticket, available on 01934-645544 and
online at www.theplayhouse.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              249 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                    The Record (Kitchener-Waterloo, Ontario)

                           December 16, 2006 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Tell us what you think about these five prospective comics

BYLINE: LYNN HADDRALL, RECORD STAFF

SECTION: INSIGHT; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 692  words


We need your help choosing a new comic strip. We found out, rather suddenly,
that the creator of Foxtrot has decided to limit his strip to weekends. The last
daily strip runs on Saturday, Dec. 30.

Foxtrot runs in more than 1,000 newspapers. That's a lot of newspaper editors
scrambling to find a replacement.

"After spending close to half of my life writing and drawing Foxtrot cartoons, I
think it's time I got out of the house and tried some new things," creator Bill
Amend explained in a press release.

We have posted five potential replacements on our website www.therecord.com.
Look for the Farewell Foxtrot logo on The Record's homepage and click on it.

The comics come from various syndicates. Each one supplied us with a brief
description. Here's some excerpts:

Chuckle Bros. - the work of three men who collaborate for a zany look at the
world around us.

Get Fuzzy - a wry portrait of single life, with pets, starring a temperamental
cat, a sweet and sensitive dog, and a mild-mannered human companion.

Lio - a new and edgy twist to the dialogue-less comic format. The result is a
funny journey into the darkly detailed world of young Lio and his bizarre
creature co-stars.

Pearls Before Swine - an arrogant rat and a slow-witted pig are the stars, with
a supporting cast of animal friends that mock humanity with unmerciful glee.

Pooch Cafe - dogs gather at Pooch Cafe to compare notes on such weighty issues
as avoiding baths, zebra-flavoured kibble, toilet breath and the construction of
a giant catapult with which to hurl off the Earth's cats into the sun.

You would think from the syndicates' descriptions that any of the five could be
a hit, but our readers might think differently.

There are three samples of each strip on the website and a place for you to rate
them.

Online news editor Karlo Berkovich and senior Internet producer Mark Weidmark
had some fun creating the rating categories - Hilarious, Pretty Funny, OK, Yawn,
Awful. There's space to submit comments or suggest other cartoons.

You can also e-mail (rhentges@therecord.com), fax (519-894-3829) or call
(519-894-2250, ext. 2601) with your comments.

We posted the comics survey Tuesday and within a couple of days had almost 300
responses. Here's a sample of the feedback:

Doug Luelo, Kitchener: Pearls Before Swine shows a deliciously wicked sense of
humour. At the risk of sounding like George Bush: Bring it on!

Terry Labach, Waterloo: Hmm. Three strips with talking animals and two awful
strips (Lio, Chuckle Brothers). Not a lot of choice here. How about Doonesbury?
I vote for Get Fuzzy.

Kim Darwin, Kitchener: These comics are all OK. I find that comics with animal
main characters do not tend to interest me.

Laura Mabee, Kitchener: I would highly suggest Get Fuzzy. I have been waiting
for The Record to adopt this strip.

Dave Peplinski, Waterloo: He rated Get Fuzzy, Pearls Before Swine and Pooch Cafe
as hilarious; Lio as pretty funny. "The comics get thoroughly read in our house
by the entire family every day. This is an important decision for us."

We also asked some younger readers for their opinions through a new youth forum
we have just created.

Caroline Dutka, a Grade 11 student at Sir John A. Macdonald Secondary School,
disliked Lio but thought the "bitter cat" in Get Fuzzy was quite funny.

Lynne Harris, a Grade 11 student at St. David Catholic Secondary School: I think
that teens would rather read a short story, like Pooch Cafe, as opposed to
Chuckle Brothers, which is just a witty comment that some teens don't usually
understand.

Carmella Ferro, a Grade 12 student at St. Benedict Catholic Secondary School,
thought Pearls Before Swine was hilarious because "it has the witty and
sarcastic thoughts that most people have, but never voice."

Joyce Lee, a Grade 11 student at Bluevale Collegiate, picked Lio as her top
choice because it is "clever and cute." She ranked Chuckle Bros. as "average,"
Get Fuzzy as "cheesy," Pearls Before Swine as appealing to a broad audience, and
Pooch Cafe as "not my favourite."

We're asking readers to vote by Wednesday so we can have the replacement ready
to go for the first week in January. We look forward to hearing from you too.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Chuckle Bros.; Photo: Pooch Cafe; Photo: Lio; Photo: Pearls
Before Swine; Photo: Get Fuzzy

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              250 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Echo (NewsQuest)

                              July 21, 2008 Monday

Me, Lee and the Chuckle Brothers

BYLINE: Bernie Friend

SECTION: FEATURES

LENGTH: 704 words


HAVING to earn a Christmas crust in the backyard of old Any Dream Will Do
sparring partner Lee Mead doesn't bother Chris Crosby. And why should it?

Crosby is fast making a name for himself as the Mr Flexible of the entertainment
world, turning his hand to acting, singing and song writing, as he continues to
steadily climb the celebrity ladder.

His latest challenge is the lead role in the Cliffs Pavilion's festive
pantomime, Aladdin - which begins a month's run in Westcliff on Friday, December
5 - starring alongside the madcap Chuckle Brothers.

"I'm really looking forward to it," said the instantly likeable 20-year-old.
"You can't beat performing in front of a live audience and it is something I
enjoy doing.

"I played Prince Charming in Cinderella last Christmas at the Theatre Royal, in
Windsor, and it was great fun. I had two Ugly Sisters last year, this time round
I've got two Ugly Brothers - the Chuckle Brothers! "They are great guys and I'm
really looking forward to working with them. They are pretty legendary in the TV
industry and I'm sure I can learn a lot from them during my month in Southend."

Crosby is probably best known for making the last 12 in the BBC hit show Any
Dream Will Do, theatre impresario Andrew Lloyd Webber's country wide search for
a new Joseph.

He lost out to eventual winner and Southend star Mead, but Crosby said there
were no hard feelings at all. "I was really pleased for Lee when he won the show
as he is a great guy," he added.

"I speak to Lee a lot and when I was on Any Dream Will Do he was the person I
got on with the most. We are very similar people and were both quite laid back
on the show, taking everything with a pinch of salt.

"We got treated very well on the show. There were no chip dinners, it was all
top notch and we were waited on hand and foot.

"There were a lot of people in the Joseph house who were pretty full on, but we
just chilled out, which is why we got on so well.

"I got a phone text from Lee the other day and he said he is going to come to
the panto at the Cliffs and see how I am getting on. It will be nice to meet
up."

Crosby trained at the Sylvia Young Theatre School, in London, and has appeared
in two Harry Potter films - The Prisoner of Azkaban and The Chamber of Secrets.

"It's great to have two big films like that on my CV," he smiled. "I was in the
classroom scenes with Harry - right in the shot, not hidden in the background -
and had to do a lot of shouting and screaming."

Crosby's other acting credits include appearances in BBC medical soaps Holby
City and Doctors. He has just finished playing the role of Pearce on the UK Tour
of Half a Sixpence, where he understudied Gary Wilmot.

The versatile entertainer has also recorded an album, Dream On, with fellow
contestants from Any Dream Will Do, which was followed by a one-off concert at
the London Palladium.

But the level headed performer is quick to keep his feet firmly on the ground.
"I don't get star struck and try to remain normal," he said.

"These big stars are just normal people at the end of the day - which is a great
lesson to learn quickly. I met Justin Timberlake outside a hotel and he spent
ten minutes talking to me about music. He was just normal.

"Other people have been just as humble and nice, great actors like Sean Connery
and Alan Rickman, who were both polite and very helpful.

"They are just everyday people like you and me. It is a bit surreal meeting
these big, big stars at first, but you get used to it. It is just part of the
job."

Crosby's biggest passion is singing and song writing and he is hoping to record
an album of his own work in the near future - when he can find time in his busy
schedule.

"I love my music and have varied tastes," added Crosby. "I really like James
Blunt and Maroon 5, and would love to write and record my own album of easy
listening stuff.

"It's a future ambition which I am desperate to fulfil. But for now I'm
concentrating on working with David Essex on stage in All the Fun of the Fair.
That's my next job before the Cliffs Pavilion.

"I'm really looking forward to it, as David was one of the biggest song writers
of the Eighties and I'm sure I can learn a lot from him. That's what this job is
all about, picking up knowledge."

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              251 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                            South Wales Evening Post

                              May 25, 2007 Friday

Rib-tickling family show

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 366 words


The Chuckle Brothers

Grand Theatre, Swansea, tomorrow.

IT'S a real family fun occasion when the phenomenally successful Chuckle
Brothers are in town - and tomorrow will be no exception.

Spooky Goings On 2 is the latest adventure of madness and mayhem when the
brothers go visiting a long-lost relative.

Thanks to a mix-up they find themselves in a hotel that is haunted.

It enables Paul and Barry to give full rein to their clowning skills  and also
features two older brothers.

Family fun is where it all began for the real-life Elliot brothers, of Rotherham
- the youngest in a showbiz family of eight, where entertainment was a way of
life.

"The family legacy of entertaining was always a major part of our lives," said
the brothers.

"We waited home at nights for stories of how that evening's show went when we
were kids and finally rehearsed and joined the family act, eventually as a
four-piece with are older brothers Brian and Jimmy.

"They are now in our show as they are The Patton Brothers. The kids know them as
No Slacking and Get Out Of It."

The Chuckle Brothers have worked in practically every field of entertainment -
from pantomime to summer season, clubs, cabaret, television, touring revues,
circus and even an ice-show. They have made many one-off appearances, and  won
New Faces, on the original series back in 1974.

In 1985 they got their big break with the BBC, recording 13 episodes with those
two loveable canine characters The Chuckle Hounds for children's TV.

This series is still shown throughout the world and is enjoyed by millions.

In 1987, Chucklevision came to our screens. Although it is transmitted during
children's viewing hours, the boys aim the humour and story-lines at all ages.

As the brothers maintain, "Funny is funny!". And the fan letters come from tots,
teenagers, mums, dads and grannies.

They will be bringing the madcap style of their TV success to Swansea in their
latest show along with their catchphrases of "Oh dear, oh dear" and "To me, to
you".

After most shows they will be signing programmes and pictures that can be bought
from the theatre prior to the show.

You can catch the show at 2pm or 5pm tomorrow.

Tickets are available on 01792 475715.

Eifion Jenkins

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 South Wales Evening Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              252 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                        Western Morning News (Plymouth)

                                August 14, 2000

Show of non-stop laughter

SECTION: Sport: ANGLING, Pg.2

LENGTH: 231 words


Theatre

Review

Anne Broom

Chuckle Brothers,

Princess Theatre, Torquay

WITH all the ingredients of a summer pantomime, shout "Hellooa" to the Chuckle
Brothers, who deserve and get a huge welcome for their entertaining new show.

The long queue of excited youngsters waiting afterwards for the stars'
autographs shows just how popular they are.

These are entertainers who undoubtedly love to entertain. From a lively opening
to the dynamic drumbeat finale they pack everything into their performance.

There's Paul - he's the tall funny one - and Barry - he's the one with
incredible legs. Their enthusiasm is infectious, striking an instant rapport
with young audiences.

They bounce comedy off one another as if it's a dynamic game of basketball.
Blink and you'll miss something, but these two are experts. Even the ad libs are
difficult to spot.

They know how far to take a comedy gag, and more important, know just when to
stop, holding everyone's attention.

The show fairly crackles along with a storyline in which the Brothers visit a
holiday camp and volunteer for everything from cabaret singer to design artist.

There's marvellous slapstick with bangers and mash, collapsing bunk beds, an
escaped gorilla heading down the motorway to Torquay, and a game of football
that defies description.

The Chuckle Brothers 2000 can be enjoyed on Mondays until August 28.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2000 Western Morning News

                              253 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                              Scunthorpe Telegraph

                                  May 4, 2011
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Chuckle Brothers pay homage to Harry Potter in their latest hilarious outing

SECTION: WHATS ON;FEATURES; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 663 words


CHILDREN'S TV stars The Chuckle Brothers will be in the region with a new stage
show this month.

Paul and Barry will be at Scunthorpe's Plowright Theatre on Sunday, May 15, with
their show Barry Potty And His Full Blood Brother Paul In The Ghostly Shadows.

What's On has a family pass (two adults and two children) worth £50 to give away
to one lucky reader.

The adventure will see Paul and Barry arrive accidentally at Pigsnorts School Of
Magic, where the evil Lord Fonterall is plotting to take over the school.

But will the Chuckles' attempt to spoil his evil and wicked plan succeed? The
show promises fun for all of the family and is suitable for all ages.

Paul and Barry Elliott, the real life brothers better known to millions as The
Chuckle Brothers, have worked in almost every area of entertainment.

Their unique style and family-based humour is synonymous with the stage and
television appearances that still take up most of their time.

That is a long way from their childhood days in Rotherham when they put on shows
for friends in their back garden. Since then it has been a demanding but
satisfying journey.

After treading the boards in many summer seasons and pantomimes, they got their
first national recognition winning the TV talent show New Faces (a forerunner of
The X Factor).

They continued to hone their skills and such was their dedication they even
appeared in an ice show and a circus.

But it was as two costumed characters in a series called The Chucklehounds, that
they launched their television career. The success of the series convinced the
BBC the brothers had more to offer. The costumes disappeared, Chucklevision hit
our screens and the reaction was fantastic. Since then, generations of children
have grown up with the show which is now in its 20th year.

The 1998 show was nominated for a Children's Bafta award and today's shows are
as popular as ever, still commanding a prime-time viewing slot.

During the mid-1990s Paul and Barry also recorded three series of their own TV
game show, including a Christmas special. Aptly titled To Me, To You, it was
named after the brothers' legendary catchphrase.

For the past ten years they have toured the UK with their own shows. The 1996
Live And In Trouble tour attracted capacity audiences at 35 venues and
subsequent tours have seen increased theatre demand, with audiences enjoying our
heroes' experiences based on a theme.

Some of those self-styled productions include Raiders Of The Lost Bark, Star
Doors and Barry Potter And His Smarter Brother Paul In The Chamber Of Horrors,
which were particular favourites with fans. Doctor What And The Return Of The
Garlics was the most successful to date, playing to 63 venues.

The summer season that follows usually takes in the traditional seaside resorts
of Blackpool, Skegness, Great Yarmouth and Scarborough.

In these shows the brothers often appear at the traditional pier theatres,
regularly to capacity audiences which is difficult for any act to achieve these
days.

This confirms the Chuckles' enduring national appeal and popularity.

To be in with the chance of wining the family pass, answer the following
question: Which one of the following people was NOT born in The Chuckle
Brothers' hometown of Rotherham? A: David Seaman B: Telegraph reporter Selina
Maycock C: Dickie Bird Simply send your answer, along with your name, age and
daytime contact number to: Chuckle Competition, FAO Selina Maycock, Scunthorpe
Telegraph, 4-5 Park Square, Laneham Street, Scunthorpe, DN15 6JH, before 5pm on
Monday, May 11.

Standard Northcliffe Media promotions rules apply. Visit
www.thisisscunthorpe.co.uk/houserules for details.

Performances will begin at 2pm and 5pm. Tickets cost £13 each or £50 for a
family ticket.

For more information or to book, call the theatre on 01724 277733 or visit
www.northlincs.gov.uk STILL LAUGHING: The Chuckle Brothers are appearing in
Barry Potty And His Full Blood Brother Paul In The Ghostly Shadows at the
Plowright Theatre in Scunthorpe.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SCU


                      Copyright 2011 Scunthorpe Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved

                              254 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                              June 15, 2007 Friday

Brothers gonna work it out

SECTION: Pg. 27

LENGTH: 499 words


"Spooky Goings On was so successful when we did it about six years ago that we
decided we would do another one. "This time, Paul gets us jobs as ghostbusters -
without me knowing," explains Barry.

"So when we go into the haunted house, I'm not too happy about it, and mayhem
ensues."

It's the kind of formulaic plot which has earned real-life brothers Paul and
Barry longevity in the children's entertainment world.

Ask anyone in their late 20s or early 30s about them, and a fair few will
remember something from one of their family-friendly television shows, be it the
bright dungarees they would wear in the 1980s, the "Chuckle, Chucklevision"
theme tune, their footballers' moustaches, or their catch phrase, 'To me, to
you'.

But even they may not realise that there are even more Chuckle Brothers in show
business than you think...

Born in 1944 and 1947 respectively, Barry and Paul grew up in Rotherham as the
youngest of six, and were actually inspired to go on stage by their parents'
love of performing and by  two of their older brothers, Jimmy and Brian, who are
also still touring as The Patton Brothers, and will appear alongside them in the
show.

"Mum was a dancer, and dad was a variety hall entertainer, and they met in a
show and got married.

"Dad was away for 52 weeks of the year at theatres all over the country, so we
would see him at home at weekends," recalls Barry.

"So by the age of 10 and seven, Paul and I used to put on shows for him and for
the rest of the family and friends and we would write comedy sketches for them.

"Ever since we were kids, we hoped that we would be able to make a career out of
it. We just loved the lifestyle of being able to go travelling all over the
country, and we still do.

"Elliot was the family name, but there were already some Elliot Brothers, and
our dad was known as Gene Patton on stage and Jimmy and Brian had taken on that
name, so we started out as The Harman Brothers, after our mother's maiden name.

"It wasn't until 1979 that we decided we were going to expand our business, and
started trying to think of a name that was more catchy and memorable."

And so The Chuckle Brothers were born.

Their BAFTA-nomimated television show Chucklevision is now into its 20th series
- an admirable achievement by anyone's standards. But when it boils down to it,
one of Barry's proudest feelings is watching his grandchildren enjoying the
programmes so many years after it all began.

"They love it," he says laughing, adding that he is known as Grandad Barry
rather than Grandad Chuckle. "The little ones watch it all the time, and I think
they take it for granted as to who we are, because it is really all they've
known since they were born. I think they think everyone's grandads are on TV."

The Chuckle Brothers in Spooky Goings On 2 can be seen at The Regent Theatre on
Sunday in two matinee performances, at 2pm and 5pm. Call 0870 060 6649.

Find out more about the Chuckle Brothers and   watch them in action, visit
www.thisisthesentinel.co.uk/chuckle

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 The Sentinel (Stoke)
                              All Rights Reserved

                              255 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (England)

                              May 23, 2014 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                Northern Ireland

Webber's got O's in box seat

BYLINE: ANDREW DILLON

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 82

LENGTH: 208 words


BARRY HEARN hopes his Leyton Orient have stolen a march on play-off rivals
Rotherham - by winning the battle of the royal box.

The O's guest of honour at Wembley for Sunday's League One showpiece final is
musical maestro Andrew Lloyd Webber.

While the Millers are bringing along kids telly duo the Chuckle Brothers.

And Orient chairman Hearn said: "Let's hope we have the last laugh.

"Andrew has been a friend of mine and the club's for a long time.

"His gran used to live opposite the ground and he's a long-time supporter.

"His brother Julian rarely misses a game, Andrew is more occasional because of
commitments but it's a pleasure to have him."

Phantom Both clubs have sold around 25,000 tickets and Hearn, 65, added: "Orient
is London's best supported club. We are many West Ham, Tottenham and Arsenal
fans' second team, so we have more fans combined than anyone."

Lloyd Webber, 66, has composed a string of hit West End and Broadway musicals
including Cats and Phantom of the Opera.

Chuckle Brothers Barry and Paul Elliott recently played Mansfield Palace Theatre
with their own show Space Oddity.

A League insider said: "Lloyd Webber's CV is more illustrious but there are a
lot of people who reckon the Chuckle Brothers win this competition hands down."

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WEBBER ... star guest
CHUCKLES ... Millers fans

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUN


                    Copyright 2014 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved

                              256 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                            South Wales Evening Post

                             May 5, 2010 Wednesday

Young and old have good chuckle

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 315  words


An Audience With The Chuckle Brothers,  Swansea Grand Theatre

The Chuckle Brothers are the small screen equivalent of Marmite,  you either
love them or you hate them.

Those who have only ever experienced the comic mayhem of Paul and Barry on the
BBC TV series Chucklevision may be surprised to learn that seeing them live on
stage is something of a revelation: while they are essentially children's
entertainers, their style harks back to the golden age of music hall and
variety, and  it becomes evident  they acknowledge the debt they owe to stage
and screen stars from a more innocent  age.

Joined here by their two real-life brothers Jimmy and Brian (this is obviously a
family well-versed in good old-fashioned entertainment), Paul and Barry pulled
off the trick of keeping not just the youngsters amused, but also a more mature
section of the audience, who adored them.

Utilising video footage of classic routines from pantos and specially recorded
sequences, the show incorporated a question-and- answer session in which the
brothers expounded upon their showbusiness career in response to queries from
the crowd.

There was also plenty of audience participation and even a Crackerjack-style
game in which children were invited onto the stage to take part in a quiz.
Incorrect answers resulted in them being burdened with vibrating "bumbleballs".

Slapstick also played a part, with the audience in the stalls getting a soaking
from water cannons, and we were treated to routines that owed much to the comics
of yesteryear, including an Abbott and Costello-esque wordplay sequence and a
homage to the old mirror scene pioneered by the Marx Brothers and   seen in the
Grand's most recent panto.

Anyone who thinks The Chuckle Brothers are strictly for the kids would be well
advised to give them a try when they next hit Swansea. These guys know how to
work a crowd. Great stuff.

Graham Williams

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 37


                    Copyright 2010 South Wales Evening Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              257 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                South Wales Echo

                           February 14, 2009 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Half term... it's a jungle!;
Half term is upon us and can go two ways. Either your children will be under
your feet complaining of boredom, or they can be so tired that they will be
asleep before you know it. Which would you prefer? Thought so! To help out,
we've come up with a guide to the half term activities on offer throughout South
Wales

BYLINE: GAVIN ALLEN

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 521 words


ON STAGE

There's a wealth of fun and frolics on stage for all ages this half term, with
visits by everyone from the Chuckle Brothers to Mowgli, Baloo and The Jungle
Book characters, with fairies, myths, music and folk tales as well

THE JUNGLE BOOK

The New Theatre, Cardiff, from Tuesday until Saturday

Tel: 029 2087 8889

Birmingham Stage Company resurrects its brilliant musical adaptation of The
Jungle Book.

It's based on the Rudyard Kipling version rather than the Disney film, which
means there is no Bare Necessities to be had, but there are lots of other catchy
new songs and all the monkeys, snakes, tigers and mancubs you could possibly
wish for. Tickets: pounds 7-pounds 16

THE CHUCKLE BROTHERS

St David's Hall, Cardiff, on Tuesday at 2pm

Tel: 029 2087 8444

Paul (the one with the crew cut and moustache) and Barry (the other one with the
crew cut and moustache) are back to pass their new show Chuckle Trek from me to
you - and back again.

The Chuckles boldly go where no-one has gone for a while in search of laughs in
deep space. Captain James T Burke needs to recruit a crew for the USS Exercise
to save the Earth from a race of nasty robots.

Can Earth be saved from the threat to our planet? And will The Chuckle Brothers
cause more damage than the robots while doing it?

Tickets: pounds 12.50-pounds 13.50

FAMILY CONCERT

St David's Hall, Cardiff, on Friday at 7pm

Tel: 029 2087 8444

BBC National Orchestra of Wales join up with Connie Fisher and Only Men Aloud
for a sing-a-long concert featuring music from hit West End musicals such as The
Sound of Music, Oliver! and Les Miserables.

Tickets: pounds 8

HOLIDAY ON ICE

Cardiff International Arena

Tel: 029 2022 4488

The ice dance spectacular is back with its latest show Mystery and its remaining
shows are today and tomorrow. Tickets: pounds 14-pounds 28

THOROUGHLY MODERN MILLIE

Sherman Cymru, Cardiff, from tonight until February 21

Tel: 029 2064 6900.

Royal Welsh College Of Music and Drama stage this '30s set comedy musical that's
as much fun as a flapper can stand.

Tickets: pounds 9.79-pounds 11.74

UGLY DUCKLING

Sherman Cymru in Cardiff today at 11.30am and 2pm

Tel: 029 2064 6900.

This new version of the Hans Christian Anderson tale is suitable for ages 3+.

Tickets: pounds 5.87

ALICE AND THE WHITE RABBIT

The Met, Abertillery, at 2pm on Thursday

Tel: 01495 355800

A new production of Alice In Wonderland from Scottish company Indigo Moon
Theatre, that runs for 50 minutes.

Tickets: pounds 2-pounds 4.50

PADDY THE CLOWN

Beaufort Theatre & Ballroom, Ebbw Vale, at 2pm on Thursday

Tel: 01495 355800

Paddy returns with his award-winning laughter show. Tickets: pounds 4.50

POOR JACK

The Riverfront in Newport, today at 11.30am and 1.30pm

Tel: 01633 656757.

A musical version of Jack and the Beanstalk.

Tickets: pounds 4.50

JACK AND THE BEANSTALK

The Coliseum in Aberdare, from Monday until Saturday at 7pm with matinees at
2.30pm on Wednesday and Saturday

Tel: 01685 881188

Cynon Valley am-dram group The Colstars stage this production of the one about
the giant in the sky. Tickets: pounds 6- pounds 7

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  JUNGLE FEVER: Birmingham Stage Company perform Rudyard Kipling's
musical version of The Jungle Book at the New Theatre in Cardiff

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              258 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                              May 9, 2008, Friday

One final show for 'Chuckle Brothers'

BYLINE: David Sharrock, Ireland Correspondent

SECTION: HOME NEWS; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 672 words


* Unlikely double act to star in photo exhibition

* Family pictures part of a 'rebranding exercise'

Politics in Northern Ireland is no joke but so many pictures were published of
the Rev Ian Paisley and Martin McGuinness laughing heartily - sometimes together
- that the chief protagonists of Ulster's Troubles became known as the Chuckle
Brothers.

An exhibition of some of those photographs - due to open today in Belfast -
demonstrates how well earned the nickname was.The images of the two men are
being released as the latest move in a rebranding exercise for Northern Ireland.

Yesterday Messrs McGuinness and Paisley, accompanied by Gordon Brown and Brian
Cowen, the new Taoiseach, were schmoozing American VIPs in an attempt to attract
investment to the Province.

The Chuckle Brothers roadshow is drawing to an end: Mr Paisley retires in a few
weeks. Mr McGuinness, however, will go on.

He is pictured here with four of his grandchildren and his mother, Peggy, who,
on discovering an IRA beret and belt in her son's bedroom, fretted: "His father
is a welder, his brothers are at the bricklaying and carpentry, but what will
become of Martin?"

The photograph above, taken on the walls of Londonderry, shows a relaxed family
man - a far cry from his days as Britain's Most Wanted. He now lives in a
terrace house in the Bogside with his wife, Bernie, who owns a local cafe, and
prefers to make a daily 170-mile commute to Stormont rather than miss a night
under his own roof.

Two years ago he took one of his grandsons to a football match in Paris when
Derry City played Paris St Germain. He recalled recently: "As we crossed the
square outside Notre Dame, I thought, 'This is the first time I've been out of
Ireland for myself.' All the other times, I was travelling for Sinn Fein."

Mr Paisley is pictured above with two of his grandchildren, who range in age
from toddlers to early twenties.

Recently, when Mr Paisley was looking forward to a birthday celebration, he
said: "I'll be the biggest child at the party. They'll be on top of me. They'll
be rolling under these seats. They'll be climbing on my back. They'll be
slapping me in the face. They'll be saying no to some of my requests. And I
shall enjoy it thoroughly."

The photographs were taken by John Harrison. The exhibition, The Northern
Ireland Family, runs throughout this month at the Ormeau Baths Gallery. It also
features intimate shots of the actor Liam Neeson, the singer and songwriter Duke
Special and the poet Michael Longley.

Mr McGuinness has already served notice that jovial public appearances are
unlikely to be a feature of his relationship with Northern Ireland's new First
Minister, Peter Robinson.

The Sinn Fein MP said last month: "Now, you're not going to get Chuckle Brothers
Part Two. What you are going to get are serious-minded people hopefully taking
serious decisions, and I am going to strive and endeavour to bring to all of
this the same sort of positive and constructive approach that I had during the
time that Ian Paisley was there."

Newspapers in Ireland have nicknamed the Robinson-McGuinness partnership the
Brothers Grim.

* FROM FOES TO Friends

"I am not going to sit down with bloodthirsty monsters who have been killing and
terrifying my people"

Paisley's view in the years before power sharing with Sinn Fein

"We could shake hands 24 hours a day, but if we don't get this Province of ours
into a shipshape economic condition what good's the handshaking?"

Paisley, in May 2007, on his continuing refusal to shake hands with McGuinness,
despite sharing power

"The historic decision he took to go into government with Sinn Fein has changed
the face of Irish politics for ever. I think that he will be fondly remembered
by the people of Ireland - North and South - for the very courageous leadership
that he showed" McGuinness in March on Paisley's decision to quit as Northern
Ireland's First Minister

"I think he and I have a good relationship and I would be very surprised if we
didn't keep in contact"

McGuinness in May after Paisley had left office

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              259 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                              The Star (Sheffield)

                            February 4, 2014 Tuesday

Rotherham's Chuckle Brothers give evidence in Dave Lee Travis sex assault case

LENGTH: 604  words


One of South Yorkshire's Chuckle Brothers has told a court it was a complete
surprise' to hear claims veteran DJ Dave Lee Travis indecently assaulted a stage
hand at a pantomime they were starring in.

Children's entertainers Paul and Barry Elliott, from Rotherham, starred
alongside Travis in a production of Aladdin in the early 1990s, London's
Southwark Crown Court heard.

Travis, who was playing evil uncle' Abanazar in the show, is accused of
indecently assaulting a female crew member in his theatre dressing room during
the panto's run.

The woman, who was 21 at the time of the alleged incident, has previously told
the court her ordeal ended when they were interrupted by one of the Chuckle
Brothers walking past in the corridor.

Giving evidence today, Paul Elliott, aged 66, said he did not recall any
inappropriate behaviour by the former Radio 1 star.

Mr Elliott, who starred in BBC children's television series Chucklevision
alongside his brother Barry, said Travis was very professional' during the
panto.

Asked whether he was aware of any formal or informal arrangement to chaperone
female staff members around Travis, Mr Elliott replied: "Not that I recall, not
at all.

"I think I would remember."

Mr Elliott said he and his brother would have been made aware of such a policy
as they were top of the bill'.

The comedian said he did not recall any particular incident when a female stage
hand had left Travis's dressing room.

During his evidence, Mr Elliott was warned by Judge Anthony Leonard after using
he word we' to recall his time in the panto.

Travis, 68, from Buckinghamshire, is accused of indecently assaulting 10 women
and sexually assaulting another in incidents dating back to 1976 and the height
of his fame.

Appearing in court under his birth name David Griffin, the alleged offences
occurred when he was working as a BBC DJ, as a broadcaster with Classic Gold
radio, while appearing on Top Of The Pops and when starring in panto.

He denies all the charges.

Travis, wearing a light grey jacket and turquoise tie, listened to the
proceedings in the dock with the aid of earphones.

The court heard the brothers appeared in Aladdin as the Chinese policemen.

Mr Elliott said he and his elder brother had been appearing in panto together
since 1967 and had been in about 46 in total.

He told jurors he thought it was the second one he had starred in alongside
Travis. The defendant previously told the court Aladdin was the first pantomime
he had ever been in.

Mr Elliott told jurors he and his brother had been in the entertainment industry
since 1963.

Asked by Teresa Hay, prosecuting, if he would have been aware if a policy had
been put in place to make sure female members of the cast and crew were always
chaperoned, Mr Elliott said: "Nobody told us about it. I would have thought we
would have known from somewhere."

Barry Elliott, 69, described Travis as a jolly great chap to work with'.

He said: "He was fine. He was great. I mean everybody seemed to get on."

Mr Elliott said that he and his younger brother sometimes played cards with
Travis.

Questioned by Mr Vullo if he was aware of a policy being implemented to make
sure female members of the cast were chaperoned, the elder Chuckle Brother said:
"Not at all. I don't remember that."

Asked if he remembered Travis ever struggling' with a young female in his
dressing room, Mr Elliott said: "I don't remember that no. If it was something
serious we probably would, but I don't remember anything like that at all."

Asked by Ms Hay if he had any particular memories of the show, Mr Elliott, who
said it was his 22nd or 23rd panto, told jurors: "None whatsoever."

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NSST


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              260 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                            Scarborough Evening News

                               December 10, 2007

Copper load of that ... it's the Chuckle Brothers!

LENGTH: 242  words


THE Chuckle Brothers entertained the crowds in Seamer when the duo switched on a
pub's Christmas tree lights.

Barry and Paul, who were starring in their Scarborough pantomime Aladdin, turned
the lights on at the Copper Horse pub in Main Street, Seamer.

Around 1,200 people turned up to see the funnymen, despite the rain.

Barry Chuckle said: "We have done many light switch-ons over the years but it is
nice to do one in a smaller community and we think it is great that so many
people have come.

"We both absolutely love Scarborough and it is nice to see new places and faces
when we come here."

The comedy duo headed straight back to the Futurist after the switch-on for
their last Scarborough performance of the pantomime.

Qdos Entertainment Productions put on the show and the owners Nick and Sandra
Thomas also run the Copper Horse.

Manager of the pub, Rob Lazenby said: "We never normally do anything big to turn
the lights on so this is a first and it has been fantastic.

"The cast and crew of the pantomime came for a Christmas lunch first before
Barry and Paul switched the lights on and it was a pleasure to have them here."

Charlie Ford, nine and her sister Mollie, six, form Rowans Field in Crossgates
braved the rain to see the Chuckles. Charlie said: "I love the Chuckle Brothers
because they are really funny. It is cold but I don't care."

Lauren Pennock, six, of Church Lane, Cayton, said: "I have seen them before and
they always make me laugh."

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              261 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Evening Gazette

                              May 30, 2014 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Tap dance turns on the water;
CHILDREN'S SHOWS

SECTION: WHATS ON;FEATURES; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 376 words


HAVE you ever heard of a tap-dancing mermaid? Well she's heading to Stockton's
ARC tomorrow in Tessa Bide's family show.

The Moon has got a story to tell about a tippetty-top tap dancer who he has been
watching at night.

Marina Skippett creeps out at night to tap dance on the boardwalk to the sounds
of the sea. She can't tap dance at home anymore since her evil, tractor-sized
aunty banned it, threatening to feed Marina's dinners to the dog!

But then, one magical night, she meets a mysterious watery boy swimming alone
and her life is never the same again!

Marina, The Moon and a bunch of beautiful, hand-crafted merpuppets will take to
the stage in The Tap Dancing Mermaid, the innovative, new one-woman show written
and performed by Tessa.

Suitable for youngsters aged 3+.

Tomorrow's performance is at 2.30pm, tickets are £6 or a family ticket is £20.
Details on 01642 525199 or at www.arconline.co.uk OTHER shows for little ones in
the week ahead include: Following their hugely success-ful run in Darlington
Civic Theatre's pantomime, Aladdin, The Chuckle Brothers are heading back to the
venue tomorrow with their show The Chuckle Brothers In A 2014 Space Oddity.

Paul and Barry visit a toy shop to buy some water pistols. Whilst trying them
out they notice a toy space ship which they get in. "Don't touch anything!" the
shop keeper shouts out - "especially that button!". In true Chuckle Brothers
fashion, they can't resist - and press the button!

There are performances at 2pm and 5pm. Tickets £14, family ticket £52. Details
01325 486555 or visit www.darlingtoncivic.co.uk On Sunday at 5pm catch Bal-let
Theatre UK's production of The Little Mermaid at Middlesbrough Theatre.

Tickets are £17.50, concessions £16, family ticket £50, details on 01642 815181
or www.middlesbroughtheatre.co.uk What The Ladybird Heard will be at
Billingham's Forum Theatre from Thursday until Saturday, June 7. Based on the
award-winning picture book by Julia Donaldson, bestselling author of The
Gruffalo and Room On The Broom, the show features live music, sing-along songs,
puppetry and plenty of audience participation.

Performances are: Thursday 1.30pm, Friday 10.30am and 1.30pm and Saturday 11am
and 2pm.

Tickets £11, details 01642 552663, www.forumtheatrebillingham.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Tessa Bide, who presents The Tap Dancing Mermaid at ARC, Stockton

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EGM


                    Copyright 2014 Gazette Media Company Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              262 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                            April 15, 2008, Tuesday

Ulster says farewell to the 'chuckle brothers'

BYLINE: David Sharrock, Ireland Correspondent

SECTION: HOME NEWS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 564 words


* Paisley's successor is elected unanimously

* He pledges to develop new style of leadership

An era ended in Northern Ireland yesterday when Peter Robinson was voted in
unopposed to become leader of the Democratic Unionist Party, the hardline
unionist grouping created by his mentor, the Rev Ian Paisley.

Immediately after the vote by the 36 DUP members of the Northern Ireland
Assembly, Mr Robinson signalled that a new style in office would soon become
apparent, with the ending of the so-called Chuckle Brothers partnership, formed
by Mr Paisley as First Minister and Martin McGuinness of Sinn Fein as his
deputy.

The two men, who have been bitter political foes for decades, were given the
nickname on reviving the Stormont executive nearly a year ago, for their habit
of laughing uproariously in one another's company every time they appeared in
public.

Mr Robinson said: "In terms of style there will only ever be one Ian Paisley. It
would be a very foolish person to set out to try and mimic him.

"Each leader will bring their own style and skills to the job and, I think,
whoever the leader of the Democratic Unionist Party will be, they will have to
recognise that they follow in the shoes of someone who had the party formed
around them. Therefore, there will be a requirement for a more collective and
corporate decision- making process."

Mr McGuinness said yesterday: "Now, you're not going to get Chuckle Brothers,
Part Two. What you are going to get are serious-minded people hopefully taking
serious decisions, and I am going to strive and endeavour to bring to all of
this to the same sort of positive and constructive approach that I had during
the time that Ian Paisley was there. We'll see what happens between Peter
Robinson and I in the time ahead but I think the omens are good."

Irish newspapers have coined a new name for the Robinson-McGuinness partnership:
"The Brothers Grim".

Mr Robinson later met Brian Cowen, the Irish Finance Minister, who is to replace
Bertie Ahern as Prime Minister of the Republic next month, around the time that
Mr Paisley retires.

Mr Paisley and Mr Ahern hit it off as leaders of the two parts of Ireland, and
Mr Cowen and Mr Robinson appeared keen to demonstrate the same level of
commitment to the new relationship.

Mr Cowen was in Belfast for an announcement that could lead to 5,000
financial-sector jobs for the city, evidence of deepening economic co operation
between Northern Ireland and the South.

Mr Robinson and Nigel Dodds, the Economy Minister, were unanimously endorsed by
the 36-member Assembly Group as their choice for leader and deputy leader.
Ratification by the party executive on Thursday will be a formality.

Mr Robinson was born in East Belfast in December 1948, went to a grammar school
and first worked as an estate agent. He built a powerbase in Castlereagh Borough
Council in East Belfast, where a sports complex was named after him. His wife,
Iris, is Westminster MP for Strangford as well as an Assembly member. The couple
have three children.

In protest at the Anglo-Irish Agreement, Mr Robinson, as MP for East Belfast in
1986, led 500 loyalists on a "raid" over the Irish border into the village of
Clontibret, Co Monaghan, to demonstrate failings in security. He pleaded guilty
to unlawful assembly and was fined £ 17,500 by a court in Drogheda. He resigned
briefly from the DUP deputy leadership after the episode.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              263 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                          Weston and Somerset Mercury

                           December 25, 2014 Thursday

Plenty of Chuckles in Oz

BYLINE: PR Page Manager 13

SECTION: LEIS

LENGTH: 325 words


CHILDREN'S favourites The Chuckle Brothers are coming to the Playhouse in the
new year with their latest hilarious production.

The renowned double act, who have toured the country with their off-the-wall
shows for more than 40 years, are back in Weston on May 17 with their latest
take on an old classic, The Chuckles Of Oz.



Paul and Barry Chuckle first made their names in showbiz with the Children's BBC
hit series Chucklevision, one of the longest-running children's television shows
in history which broadcast for 21 series between 1987 and 2009 - and made them a
family favourite across generations.

Their latest endeavour is guaranteed to tickle everyone - whether you're aged
three or 103 - as the brothers, taking the role of a pair of wizards, join
Wizard Of Oz characters Dorothy, the tin man, the scarecrow and the cowardly
lion on a trip to the Emerald City in a hilarious take on the classic musical
and film.

The Chuckle Brothers have enjoyed decades of huge critical and audience acclaim
throughout the raft of stage shows they have put together around the country.

The undisputed kings of family-fun comedy in the UK, they are regularly joined
by real-life siblings Jimmy and Brian Patton, who were also regular features on
Chucklevision - perhaps remembered best for their 'no slacking' and 'geroutofit'
catchphrases.

Get ready for plenty of audience participation, packed with laugh-out-loud
comedy and spectacular sets, costumes and incredible 3D special effects from the
country's most two loved children's entertainers.

Featuring lots of songs from musical composer Olly Ashmore a new script from
comedy writer Alan McHugh, and even some Chinese acrobatics from the Chuckle
Brothers, this is a guaranteed memorable performance which is not to be missed.

The new show gets underway at 2pm.

Tickets, priced £15.50, are available from the box office on 01934 645544 or
online via www.theplayhouse.co.uk

The Chuckles Of Oz.

Playhouse, Weston.

May 17.

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WSM


                    Copyright 2014 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              264 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                  The Northern Echo (Newsquest Regional Press)

                           December 31, 2013 Tuesday

Willington Shaun campaigns for Chuckle Brothers to be back on TV

BYLINE: Duncan Leatherdale

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 360 words


THE Chuckle Brothers' number one fan has launched a campaign to get them back on
television saying today's youth are missing out on their top quality
entertainment.

Shaun Hope from County Durham is an avid collector of all things Chuckle related
and has appeared on several television shows to discuss his obsession with the
slapstick comedy duo.

Now Mr Hope is campaigning for the BBC and other networks to return Barry and
Paul Chuckle, who are currently appearing in pantomime in Darlington and
recently guest edited The Northern Echo, to the nation's television screens.

He said: "They are brilliant and the youth of today deserves to be able to see
them on their TVs.

"They were daft but their humour was good and honest.

"Even if you didn't like them, you still laughed at what they were doing."

The petition has gained 700 signatures since it was launched last night
(December 30), with Mr Hope aiming to get 20,000 people to support his motion to
bring back their show Chucklevision.

He said: "They still do a lot of live shows which are always sell-outs.

"People still enjoy seeing them, it is a shame that young people today are not
being given that opportunity."

The online petition is headlined Bring Chucklevision Back to TV and it says:
"It's important because Chucklevision was and still is one of the funniest
television shows ever.

"Together, Paul and Barry's comedy reached people of all ages all around the UK
on CBBC and other various Stations and should still be on TV for the youth of
today to enjoy."

Mr Hope helps to run the Chuckle Brothers fans' Facebook page and says the
campaign has the support of the two stars.

"I've spoken to Paul Chuckle and he's over the moon about the petition," he
added.

Mr Hope has transformed a bedroom at his home in Willington into a museum
dedicated to the Chuckles.

Barry and Paul Chuckle (real surname Elliott) launched Chucklevision in 1987.

It ran for 292 episodes across 21 series, winning the BAFTA for best Children's
Programme in 1998.

The BBC was contacted for a comment but had not replied at the time of
publication.

For more information or to sign the petition, visit change.org and search for
Chucklevision.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              265 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                           November 5, 2008 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Orchestra of excellence; Regina-born violinist remains passionate about 'dream
job' after 30 years

BYLINE: Shannon Boklaschuk, The StarPhoenix

SECTION: ARTS & LIFE; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 643  words


NATIONAL ARTS CENTRE ORCHESTRA

A benefit concert for the Saskatoon Symphony Orchestra

Sunday, 7:30 p.m.

TCU Place

- - -

A passion for classical music may be a part of Brian Boychuk's genes.

The Regina-born violinist with the National Arts Centre (NAC) Orchestra credits
his mother, Elizabeth, for inspiring him to take up the instrument.

"My mother played the violin, and she was actually one of the former
concertmasters of the Regina symphony," Boychuk said. "She is so proud of this."

Boychuk later followed in her footsteps, becoming concertmaster of the Regina
Symphony Orchestra before accepting a position with the NAC Orchestra in 1978.

"I've had the time of my life for 30 years," he said. "It's just been a real
dream job."

Boychuk will be in Saskatoon on Sunday when the NAC Orchestra, led by music
director Pinchas Zukerman, performs at TCU Place.

Piano soloist Jon Kimura Parker will also perform as part of the fundraiser for
the Saskatoon Symphony Orchestra.

"He's a consummate musician," Boychuk said.

"He's wonderful to play with, just a complete professional."

The NAC Orchestra is on a 20-day Western Canadian tour across four provinces and
Yukon. Boychuk said the Saskatoon audience should expect "excellence" from
Sunday's concert.

"These musicians, when that baton comes down, (give) 110 per cent all the time,"
he said. "It's music making on a whole new level."

Boychuk also lauded Zukerman's musical direction.

"It's been a wonderful time with Pinchas. Obviously, he's one of the finest
fiddle players in the world, if not the greatest. He is the embodiment of music;
he just lives and breathes it. He doesn't just do it or conduct it; he is
music."

Sunday's program will open with Infinite Sky with Birds, a work by
Vancouver-born composer Alexina Louie, a two-time Juno Award winner. The work
was commissioned by the NAC Orchestra and premiered in 2006.

"It's not brand new, but it's certainly what you'd call modern," Boychuk said.
"It's very accessible -- in other words, very listenable."

The concert also includes Beethoven's Piano Concerto No. 4 and Tchaikovsky's
Symphony No. 5.

"We've brought a lot of extra strings on this tour just for this symphony."

A pre-concert talk given by Louie will take place in the greenroom from 6:45
p.m. to 7:15 p.m. Concertgoers are also invited to a lobby performance by the
Saskatoon Strings at 6:45 p.m. The performance is part of the NAC Orchestra's
program to showcase local young musicians while on tour.

Boychuk has been with the National Arts Centre Orchestra for three decades, and
he remains passionate about his job.

"It's been quite a run, and I still love going to work."

BRIAN BOYCHUK FACTS

- In 1975, he became one of the youngest concertmasters in the history of the
National Youth Orchestra of Canada.

- He has been a faculty member at the Conservatoire du Quebec, and is a past
concertmaster of l'Orchestre de chambre de Hull.

- Boychuk, his brother, Ron, and Ottawa artist Ronnie Martin are the creators of
the Chuckle Bros comic strip. Since the fall of 2006, the comic strip has
appeared in more than 40 daily newspapers across Canada.

- Their first book of cartoons, called Chuckle Bros on the Road, was published
in 2005.

- In October 2007, the Chuckle Bros was picked up for U.S. and worldwide
syndication by Creators Syndicate. "I'm always the jokester in the orchestra,"
Boychuk said. "In school, I was always the class clown, I guess you might say.
So this is where this idea of cartooning came about."

TICKETS

Ticket prices range from $20 for students and children to $46 for adults.

There's also premiere seating for $100 in the Grand Circle sponsored by
Robertson Stromberg Pedersen, which includes the concert and a reception
afterwards with hors d'oeuvres and an opportunity to speak with Zukerman.

For tickets to the National Arts Centre Orchestra concert, call (306) 938-700 or
(306) 665-6414.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Canwest News Service, File; Pinchas Zukerman and the National Arts
Centre Orchestra will visit Saskatoon on Sunday ;
Colour Photo: Supplied; Violinist Brian Boychuk is also a cartoonist ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              266 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Express

                             July 19, 2007 Thursday
                                U.K. 1st Edition

The Chuckle Brother jibes that made a teacher crack

BYLINE: By Emma Bamford

SECTION: NEWS; 19

LENGTH: 476  words


A TEACHER attacked a pupil in class after the boy compared him to one of TV's
Chuckle Brothers, a court heard yesterday.

Supply teacher Jonathan Burrett allegedly hit out after the 13-year-old refused
to stop singing the theme tune of children's BBC show ChuckleVision.

Comedian brothers Barry and Paul Chuckle - known for their spiky hair,
moustaches, blunders and their catchphrase 'To me, to you' - have starred in 19
series of the programme.

But Cardiff Crown Court heard that Burrett, 42, failed to see the funny side
during a technology lesson.

The prosecutor Hywel Hughes said: "The boy was singing or humming a tune from
the TV programme ChuckleVision, indicating that a character on the programme
bore a resemblance to Burrett. He was told to stop. It is alleged that the
teacher then grabbed him and hit him four times to the back and then grabbed him
by his shirt." A doctor who later examined the boy saw fingertip-size bruises on
his back.

One girl claimed Burrett "got mad" and slapped the boy for comparing him to Paul
and Barry Chuckle.

Speaking via a video link, she said: "The teacher said: 'We've got a funny one
here, have we?' He was whacking him on the back at the same time." The court
heard the boy ran from the classroom and reported the incident to the headmaster
of the comprehensive school in South Wales.

Deputy headteacher Edna Fear said several teachers had made complaints about the
boy's disruptive behaviour in classes. One teacher's report read to the court
said: "This is every lesson and I am fed up with him and his terrible lack of
respect." Burrett, of Newport, Gwent, denies assault causing actual bodily harm.

He told the jury he was used to Chuckle Brother jokes about his appearance from
pupils.

He said: "I did have a large moustache at the time. I expect to somebody of
limited intelligence I would look like Barry from ChuckleVision." The married
father-of-one said the pupils in the class were singing the tune when they came
in.

He asked them to be quiet but one pupil continued singing. Burrett said: "He was
tilting back in his chair while clearly singing ChuckleVision with an unusual
tone and level of voracity." The teacher claimed he asked the boy to stop and
gave him a "friendly" pat on the back, then tried to push the chair on to all
four legs.

Burrett said: "He was extremely rude and aggressive. He was resisting my
attempts to put the chair back on the floor. My hands were on the chair.

My hands would probably have been touching him." The pupil admitted to singing
in class but told the court: "Quite a few people were humming the tune and I
don't know why he picked on me." The boy - speaking through a video link -
claimed after he was hit he told Burrett "You can't touch me" but the teacher
replied "I can if I want".

The boy then broke down in tears and the hearing was adjourned.

The trial continues.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TO YOU Teacher's lookalike Paul Chuckle
TO ME Burrett said he was used to jokes about his looks

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 XPRESS - Al Nisr Media FZ LLC
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved

                              267 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                 Yorkshire Post

                            February 10, 2014 Monday

We don't remember DLT grope - Chuckle Brothers

LENGTH: 769  words


ONE of the Chuckle Brothers has told a court it was "a complete surprise" to
hear claims veteran DJ Dave Lee Travis indecently assaulted a stage hand at a
pantomime they were starring in.

Children's entertainers Paul and Barry Elliott starred alongside Travis in a
production of Aladdin in the early 1990s, London's Southwark Crown Court heard.

Travis, who was playing "evil uncle" Abanazar in the show, is accused of
indecently assaulting a female crew member in his theatre dressing room during
the panto's run.

The woman, who was 21 at the time of the alleged incident, has previously told
the court her ordeal ended when they were interrupted by one of the Chuckle
Brothers walking past in the corridor.

Giving evidence today, Paul Elliott, 66, was asked by Stephen Vullo, defending
Travis, whether he recalled any inappropriate behaviour by the former Radio 1
star.

Mr Elliott replied: "No sorry, I don't. As I say it was a complete surprise."

Mr Elliott, who starred in BBC children's television series Chucklevision
alongside his brother Barry, said Travis was "very professional" during the
panto.

Asked whether he was aware of any formal or informal arrangement to chaperone
female staff members around Travis, Mr Elliott replied: "Not that I recall, not
at all.

"I think I would remember."

Mr Elliott said he and his brother would have been made aware of such a policy
as they were "top of the bill".

The comedian said he did not recall any particular incident when a female stage
hand had left Travis's dressing room.

During his evidence, Mr Elliott was warned by Judge Anthony Leonard after using
he word "we" to recall his time in the panto.

"Please bear in mind it's your memories we're after," the judge said.

Travis, 68, from Buckinghamshire, is accused of indecently assaulting 10 women
and sexually assaulting another in incidents dating back to 1976 and the height
of his fame.

Appearing in court under his birth name David Griffin, the alleged offences
occurred when he was working as a BBC DJ, as a broadcaster with Classic Gold
radio, while appearing on Top Of The Pops and when starring in panto.

He denies all the charges.

Travis, wearing a light grey jacket and turquoise tie, listened to the
proceedings in the dock with the aid of earphones.

The court heard the brothers appeared in Aladdin as the Chinese policemen.

Mr Elliott, 66, said he and his elder brother had been appearing in panto
together since 1967 and had been in around 46 in total.

He told jurors he thought it was the second one he had starred in alongside
Travis. The defendant previously told the court that Aladdin was the first
pantomime he had ever been in.

Wearing a maroon shirt, dark suit and patterned tie, Mr Elliott told jurors he
and his brother had been in the entertainment industry since 1963.

Asked by prosecutor Teresa Hay if he would have been aware if a policy had been
put in place to make sure female members of the cast and crew were always
chaperoned, Mr Elliott said: "Nobody told us about it. I would have thought we
would have known from somewhere."

Also appearing as a defence witness, Barry Elliott, 69, described Travis as a
"jolly great chap to work with".

"He was fine as far as I can recall," he added.

"He was fine. He was great. I mean everybody seemed to get on."

Mr Elliott said that he and his younger brother sometimes played cards with
Travis.

Questioned by Mr Vullo if he was aware of a policy being implemented to make
sure female members of the cast were chaperoned, the elder Chuckle Brother said:
"Not at all. I don't remember that, no."

Asked if he remembered Travis ever "struggling" with a young female in his
dressing room, Mr Elliott said: "I don't remember that no. If it was something
serious we probably would, but I don't remember anything like that at all."

Asked by Ms Hay if he had any particular memories of the show, Mr Elliott, who
said it was his 22nd or 23rd panto, told jurors: "None whatsoever."

John Dean, who worked as a DJ with Travis in his live shows over 35 years, told
the court the former BBC presenter was "very friendly" with female fans but he
had never seen him act inappropriately.

"There were always female fans," he said. "We tried to keep control as best as
possible."

Mr Dean said pens and photographs were organised to "keep the autograph hunters
at bay".

He added: "Very often he would pose for photos with his arm around them."

On other occasions Travis would let female fans sit on his knee, Mr Dean said.

"There was always a room full of people," he said.

Asked by Mr Vullo whether he ever saw Travis act in an inappropriate way with a
female, Mr Dean replied: "Never."

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NLYP


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              268 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                Halifax Courier

                               December 22, 2005

Quo number one at Vic

LENGTH: 351 words


ROCK legends Status Quo have claimed the number one spot in the Victoria
Theatre's Top Ten for the second consecutive year.

The veteran rockers' show on November 5 at the Halifax theatre attracted a crowd
of 1,848 fans.

Comedy took second and third positions in the poll, based on the number of
tickets sold, while family entertainment made a welcome return to the chart.

There were four children's shows - including two performances from The Chuckle
Brothers - which attracted a total of 2,400 people and one performance of the
theatre's pantomime, Peter Pan, which runs until January also made it on to the
list. Popular music came out on top overall but tributes to two of the biggest
groups ever - Queen and The Beatles - attracted large crowds alongside the Solid
Silver Sixties show.

Theatre manager Tim Fagan said: "The important thing for me is that the figures
and the top 10 sales are reflecting the formalised programming policy we have
got.

"Our children's performances used to be relatively sporadic and were not of the
quality we would have liked to provide for Calderdale families. We have reviewed
that whole standard of programming now and we are programming more
strategically."

He said it was nice to see a positive response to the efforts of theatre staff
and added that the effects could also be seen in terms of the figures for rock
and pop performances and comedy.

Two shows narrowly missed out on a placing but still managed to draw crowds of
more than 1,000 people - a performance for Calderdale schools of Peter Pan on
December 14 and the Halifax Choral Society's Carols & Brass on December 2.

The theatre's regular comedy club, Dick and Liddy's also saw box office staff
post "sold out" notices for nine of the 11 performances in the Green Room during
the year.

TOP TEN

1 Status Quo 1,848

2 Dave Spikey 1,479

3 Jack Dee 1,300

4 Chuckle Brothers (matinee) 1,234

5 Solid Silver 60s 1,197

6 Chuckle Brothers (evening) 1,166

7 One night of Queen 1,151

8 Bootleg Beatles 1,134

9 Postman Pat 1,089

10 Peter Pan 1,053

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                      © Copyright 2005 Johnston Press Plc

                              269 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            South Wales Evening Post

                                 April 22, 2003

Let Them Entertain You - And The Kids

SECTION: Features; Arts; Amateurdrama; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 346 words


There's a host of family entertainers waiting to take the pressure off parents
at local venues as the Easter holidays come to a close.  Children who like some
scary thrills with their entertainment may enjoy a new puppet show coming up at
Pontardawe Arts Centre on Friday at 2pm.

The scary tales of Frankenstein's monster are being brought to life in Green
Ginger's new one-day show Frank Einstein, suitable for everyone aged seven years
old and over.

Frank Einstein is a fast moving and witty adventure based very loosely on Mary
Shelley's classic tale of medical malpractice, mad professors and ghoulish
assistants.

The puppet-based performance comes from one of Europe's leading street theatre
companies.

Set in Castle Einstein the audience will be treated to some very strange goings
on with life-size latex characters with larger than life personalities.

Meanwhile at the Gwyn Hall, Neath, on Friday at 2pm Paddy the Clown brings his
award-winning Laughter Show.

Following the sell-out shows at The Princess Royal Theatre, Port Talbot, and
Pontardawe Arts Centre in February, Paddy has recently returned from a highly
acclaimed world tour taking in Cape Town, Tanzania, New Zealand and Rome.

"I am really looking forward to the Gwyn Hall show," said Paddy. "The parents
will have just as much fun as the children.  I can guarantee it!" Family
favourites The Chuckle Brothers return to the Grand Theatre, Swansea, on
Saturday in two shows for a fun-filled afternoon of typical Chuckle mayhem.

Paul and Barry, who will be familiar to regular Grand panto-goers, are renowned
for their slapstick humour and their appearances as idiotic brothers, who, given
any chance for something to go wrong, grab it with both hands!  Paul and Barry
are real life brothers from Rotherham and have worked in entertainment from an
early age having been born into a showbiz family.

They were winners of the original series of TV's New Faces in 1974.

The Chuckle Brothers Strike Back is the tale of an inter-galactic fight between
good and evil - oh, and a misunderstanding!  Caption:

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 2003 South Wales Evening Post

                              270 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                           Grimsby Evening Telegraph

                               December 28, 2002

Thrills galore at the Auditorium

BYLINE: David Peasgood

SECTION: News; 999; Autocrime; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 493 words


The maestro, who annually sells out Cleethorpes Memorial Hall during the summer
months, is to appear at the Cromwell Road venue on May 31 next year.  He is one
of a list of star-studded names and shows in the Auditorium's new 2003
programme.

It is 18 months or so since Clear Channel Entertainment UK took over its running
and it has been a busy and successful year with acts as diverse as Deep Purple,
Status Quo and the opera Aida.

The children have revelled in such huge shows as the Chuckle Brothers and Mister
Men, both of which return in 2003. For the teenagers, Atomic Kitten were
superstars while other hits were musical Grease and band Toploader.

Comedian Peter Kay sold out in an amazing six hours, but it is not all about big
money shows.

Community needs were well catered for with the Gang Show, the Silhouettes'
Pyjama game and Grimsby Operatics' musical Annie, while charity concerts for
Children in Need and Gary Williams' favourite Wish upon a Star appeal went well.

The venue is taking note of what people are enjoying, looking at the line-up for
the first half of 2003.

The popularity of opera is reflected and a production of Carmen in April heads
that bill.

The enormously popular musicals are going to impress. First off is the West End
show The Roy Orbison Story for four days in March, followed immediately by two
weeks of the stunning West End hit Chicago.

Then in April we see a four-day run of Fame. The culture of the world-renowned
Moscow City Ballet will be a real treat with Cinderella and Swan Lake
performances in January.

On the pop front, Sophie Ellis-Bextor visits in January and in March Liberty X,
the Popstars' losers, show us why they have beaten winners Hearsay.

There is also a wide range of children's entertainment, including the
intriguingly-named Kamikaze Cowpats at the end of February and the well-known
Chuckle Brothers in April followed in May by the Mister Men.

Music from the 60s to the present day is more than well covered with tribute
bands for Queen, Pink Floyd, Abba and even Sinatra's Ratpack, while big name
visitors include Rick Wakeman, The Searchers, Wayne Fontana, Showaddywaddy,
Sweet and the Rubettes.

Sandwiched amid these shows will be the orchestras of Nelson Riddle and Syd
Lawrence, Big Time Wrestling, Willie Carson and Bob Champion's Racing night and
comics Harry Hill and Chubby Brown, as well as Dodd.

Local showpieces are from the Silhouettes, the Gang show and Stage One - and
this is only the first half of the year's schedule.

Look out for Auditorium brochures or call 311311 to join the mailing list.

To advertise your show or arts event, David Peasgood can be contacted on 07970
674959 or by fax on (01472) 230128. Programme guides, photographs or letters to
advise on events, may be sent to the Grimsby Telegraph, 80 Cleethorpe Road,
Grimsby, DN31 3EH, marked FAO David Peasgood or e-mail davidpeasgood@hotmail.com
Caption:

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 2002 Grimsby Evening Telegraph

                              271 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                             August 7, 2012 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Dancers take centre stage for grand final;
HULL: Young stars' opening performance at Mail's Star Search competition

BYLINE: Emma Wright

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 821 words


Sponsored by IT IS the night when the dreams of one lucky performer will come
true.

So it is apt the opening of the Mail's Star Search 2012 final begins with a
stunning dance piece, set to the Eurythmics hit Sweet Dreams.

Young stars from LWHS dance school will take to the stage at Hull City Hall to
perform at the show tomorrow.

The final is the culmination of months of hard-fought battles in heats, a
wildcard round and two semi-finals, held across the city.

And while our 12 finalist acts nervously wait backstage, the LWHS senior section
will be wowing the crowd with the 1980s classic. Dance school principal Lyn
Wilson said: "It is a song everyone knows so we're hoping it will really get the
crowd going.

"It is a little bit different as well, it combines point work with modern dance
- it is quirky."

Although the dancers, aged 13 to 18, are no strangers to the limelight, they
have never performed at Hull City Hall together.

Lyn said: "It will be a nice experience for them. They are very excited."

LWHS dance school - which is a combination of the two principals' names, Lyn
Wilson and Heather Shepherdson - have performed in the city pantomime twice.

They have starred alongside Chico in Aladdin, the Chuckle Brothers in Cinderella
and TO ME! The Chuckle have been asked to return this Christmas to pair up with
the comedy duo for Sleeping Beauty.

Lyn said: "They got to perform Chico Time with Chico.

"He was really lovely to the kids. He was one of those people that was just nice
to everyone and was very enthusiastic about everything. "The Chuckle Brothers
were also good fun to work with."

The dance school, which is based at The Arts Garage in Hedon, is also no
stranger to competition.

Young dancers have done well at the Hull Dance Festival and the Paul Watson
Memorial Festival - two local contests which give a platform to troops and
schools. Lyn said: "We did really well at the Hull Dance Festival in June.

"The piece we are doing for Star Search is the one we performed there.

"A few of the girls are on holiday, though, so we've got in three replacements
who have just learned the routine this week.

"They've done well to learn it so quickly, it will be a great perfor mance."

The school is also in the process of trying to set up a full-time vocational
course, so dancers in Hull and the East Riding don't have to travel away from
home to study the art.

Lyn said: "It will be a full-time course for 16 to 18-year-olds.

"At the moment, a lot of them have to leave home or travel to do courses like
this, but that is becoming more of a difficulty with funding and grants cuts.

"So this will be a course that is on their doorstep, for those who cannot afford
to move away.

"We've got the programme in place, so we will see how many applications we get
for the start in September next year."

The grand final of the Mail's Star Search 2012 competition is taking place from
7.30pm at Hull City Hall tomorrow.

Also performing will be young singers Emily Drewry and Mia Codd, local singer
Ric Owen and compere Dave Norman.

Tickets cost £10 per person or £30 for a family of two adults and two children.

They are available by calling the box office on 01482 226655.

. ? Visit www.thisishull.co.uk for video footage of all the perfor mers.

InShort The Star Search 2012 finals is taking place tomorrow at Hull City Hall.
Dancers from LWHS will perform.

? Rock band Valvekasta are brothers Ian and Gary Heads, Matt Lund and Fraser
Sneddon. They perform their own songs and covers of the likes of AC/DC and Dire
Straits.? Katie Parsons, 22, of east Hull, has been singing for a number of
years. She loves singing power ballads by the likes of Beyonce and Stooshe. ?
Sam Arkut sings and plays his guitar as a strumming and percussive instrument.
He has twice auditioned for Britain's Got Talent. ? Compass are an east Hull
band comprising Josh Drury, Dan Leigh, Matty Beale and Chris Smith.

. ? The Costellos are fronted by Steve Pennycard, of east Hull. The band have
been together for just ten months, but members have been in bands since they
were young.

. ? Solo singer and acoustic guitarist James Millar, of east Hull, regularly
performs in local venues.

. ? Singer-songwriter Rhiannon Winters, 22, who is a professional singer from
York. She also sang at this year's Hull Pride.

. ? Council worker Calum Scott, of west Hull, is a solo singer. He has
previously auditioned for the X Factor.

. ? Keyboard player David Barton has already had a taste of the limelight with a
performance alongside Jamie Cullum at the Royal Albert Hall. ? Kieran Kaye, 23,
is currently putting together his own album. In his heat and semi-final he
dedicated self-penned songs to loved ones. ? Lee Kamen, of east Hull, is a
singer who has performed as part of Ti Amero. ? The last entrant is Danielle
Laud. The 21-year-old performed power ballads at her heat. She lives in east
Hull.

We did really well at the Hull Dance Festival in June Lyn Wilson, school
principal

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TO ME! The Chuckle Brothers.
IN THE LIMELIGHT: Dancers from the LWHS school of dance.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDM


                         Copyright 2012 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved

                              272 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                 News Guardian

                              May 26, 2015 Tuesday

Chuckle? I never stopped

BYLINE: Gabriel Brown

LENGTH: 386  words


REVIEW: The Chuckles of Oz, Whitley Bay Playhouse, Saturday, May 23.

The only time I ever felt remotely bored during this performance was during the
interval.

Who doesn't love the Chuckle Brothers? This duo has captured the hearts of the
nation in all areas, whether it be performers on the stage, in TV or as rappers.
As usual, they have a delivered a fantastic, well performed show, full of laughs
and fun.

Their unique take on the original story of The Wizard Of Oz is exactly that:
Unique. I don't ever recall seeing someone caked in the face in the original
film (which is now surprisingly 76 years old) and it is actions like this, water
guns, cakes, eggs and all, that makes the Chuckle Brothers' pantos so great.

The use of audience participation is to be expected, but is not at all unwanted,
purely adding to the enjoyment. The brothers make the show for me, with so many
I'm not you ares I was smiling constantly throughout. Even when they messed up',
whether intentional or not, they kept going and turned the whole scenario into a
joke (one of the things we love about them.)

This isn't to say the other members of the cast were overlooked or bad, they
each had their own moment and brought shine to the production. All voices were
excellent, and the wide variety of songs used were all brilliant choices. I feel
as if I am repeating myself with positives here, but that is purely because
there is nothing negative to say.

All actors and actresses were well suited to their roles, and I would almost go
as far to say they were born for them. The experience they all have shows, and
makes for some of the very best takes on these characters I have seen.

My only downside to this whole fun-packed tour is that this was the only local
performance. I wish there were more dates for local venues as I would happily
see it again.

I even got the chance to meet the two legends after this amazing production and
they are just as nice as they seem. Got to love the Chuckle Brothers!

9/10

Cast: Paul and Barry Elliott; Steve Arnott; Reece Sibbald; Rhys Rice; Hannah
Nicholas; Carmen Vass and Beth Stobbart.

Creative Team: Executive producer Michael Harrison; musical supervisor/composer
Olly Ashmore; speciality costumes Mike Coltman; assistant stage manager Richard
Morgan; sound operator and company nanager Gareth Hopwood.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NPGG


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              273 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                Hull Daily Mail

                                August 18, 2004

The vultures and break even

SECTION: Features; General; Listings; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 793 words


Punk, folk, beatnik and garage.  The Aces Led by a founder member of the
original band, the new Aces recreate the sound, the emotion and the enthusiasm
of those early days.

Live@Lamp Acoustic and electric sounds from 9pm.

Wednesday night music club Jam night with Davy Rich Band.

Sweet'n'Sour: The 5678s Japanese group bring their smash hit Woo Hoo, from the
film Kill Bill 1 to the Beverley Road club.

The Sesh: Windum Earl and The Kites Featuring the cream of Hull's talent such as
Windum Earl, pictured.

Live acoustic music Live music every week.

Paul Burch and Amy Allison Amy Allison is a pure country chanteuse and
Nashville-based Paul Burch promises a rare slice of Americana.

Mike Whellans Hard-driving straight-ahead blues covers from the likes of John
Lee Hooker, Willie McTell and Tampa Red, with Mike's trademark mouth-percussion.

Singers' & Musicians' Night Your chance to take the limelight.

Country night Mark Darrell is back with his country music.

Weekly Live Jazz The 1919 New Orleans Jazz band performs every Wednesday from
8.30pm.

Jazz Wednesday Jazz trumpeter Martin Jones performing popular jazz standards.

John Diver Jazz and blues pianist.

The Nina Zagorski Band Jazz, funk and soul from the York- based band.

Jazz On Tap - Blind Lemon's Hot Five Classic New Orleans jazz, blues, swing and
skiffle, every Thursday.

Belleville Jazz trio playing gypsy jazz every Thursday, 7.30pm to 10.30pm.

Drowning On Dry Land Charlie is a modern media phenomenon. He truly is the man
who has it all. But he has never done anything to earn his good fortune - but
does anyone care?  Cannon & Ball and The Grumbleweeds 40th anniversary bash for
the famous funnymen. Rock on Tommy. The Grumbleweeds continue to win new fans
with their brand of comedy, music and impressions. Every Wednesday until August
25.

The Chuckle Brothers The Chuckle Brothers enter a world of mystery, ghosts and
laughter with Barry Potty (and his smarter brother Paul) In The Chamber Of
Horrors.

The Expanding of Time The sculptures of Azadeh mia Jafari.

Dinostar Among the exhibits of dinosaur bones and fossils is a massive
tricerotops leg bone which visitors are encouraged to touch.

Open Exhibition Popular annual exhibition for amateur and professional artists.

Living Paint Works from the Scottish colourist JD Fergusson.

Momentous Day Exhibition to mark the 60th anniversary of D-Day.

On The Farm Sculpture, paintings and textiles with a farmyard feel.

Elsie Wigmore, Studies from Life.

This is Elsie's first solo exhibition, and features studies and finished pastel
drawings.

Architectural Flora - Sculpture by Ruth Moilliet Ruth studies and dissects plant
forms to make sculptures.

Andy Hazell Andy's latest work finds him engrossed in making little tin figures
that represent moments in time.

Distance: Shizuka Yokomizo Photography and video work.

A Voyage Of Discovery Original watercolours never exhibited before, on loan from
the National History Museum.

Routes by Blue Wilson Abstract geometric paintings by the popular Selby-born
artist.

Sculpture Displays Selected work.

A Light Crescendo Exhibition including work by Turner nominees Langlands and
Bell, Lawrence Weiner, Jaume Plensa, Gary Webb, David Bachelor and Angela
Bulloch.

New Works - Trish Morrissey Trish has produced a major new body of work inspired
by family photo albums and relationships.

Dust Off The Dodo - Fabulous Finds That Time Forgot See precious treasures, rare
discoveries and unique creations.

Anim8ed festival Everyday life in the surroundings of York Castle Museum.

Bug Rock, metal and hip-hop music.

Roots & Toots Salsa night with DJ Esdiaz.

Blast 90s and R'n'B with DJ Flava.

Shiver 80s classics.

I Love The 80s A night of nostalgia.

Line Dancing Class Beginners' weekly class, 7pm. Everyone welcome.

Market & Car Boot Bag a bargain.

A Summer Coffee Morning An event to celebrate the RNLI's 180th anniversary.
Featuring a raffle, cake stall and lifeboat souvenirs. 10am to noon.

Sounds Fun music making workshop Suitable for all children, but those with
special needs and their carers are welcome.

You Know When You've Been Tango'd Dance workshop. Come and learn the tango
Argentino. Booking is essential.

Sequence Dance Social event.

Children's Craft Mornings Come and try out different crafts including lace
making and quilling.

Street Market Stalls raising funds for charities.

Reading Challenge Activity Session The world of books. 10.30am to 11.30am. Free.
Booking essential.


LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

                         Copyright 2004 Hull Daily Mail

                              274 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                Irish Daily Mail

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

Dr No who became the Chuckle Brother

SECTION: EDITORIAL; OPINION; LEADING ARTICLES; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 604 words


FEW political slogans can have been more appropriate than Ian Paisley's
legendary 'No surrender'. For Dr Paisley was, for more than 30 years, the most
bellicose, the most uncompromising and the most nakedly sectarian of the North's
political leaders.

And yet, in the autumn of his career, in a Damascene conversion that overnight
turned him from Public Enemy No.1 into a national hero, he brought his diehard
unionist flock in from the political cold, and made peace a reality.

It is for this - his decision to share power in the Northern Assembly with Sinn
Féin and to hold office side-by-side with former IRA commander Martin McGuinness
- that Dr Paisley will, quite rightly, be most remembered today.

For he did not just agree to share power; he threw himself as wholeheartedly
into the process of reconciliation and bridge-building as he had previously
dedicated himself to his own unique brand of obdurate obstructionism and
sectarian opportunism. He travelled south, shook hands with Bertie Ahern and
President Mary Robinson and spoke of his desire to focus on the future, not on
the past. His forceful, charismatic and witty personality broke down age-old
barriers overnight.

As Bertie Ahern observed yesterday, he was 'a big man with a big heart'. Above
all else, however, it was his personal relationship with Mr McGuinness that made
power-sharing a reality. The Chuckle Brothers were no mere act.

What motivated Dr Paisley to make this extraordinary U-turn remains to this day
something of a mystery. The cynics will say that, in his 80s and after more than
40 years in public life, he simply wanted to taste some of the fruits of high
office for himself. Jonathan Powell, one of Tony Blair's key negotiators, has
said it was a first brush with mortality in 2004 that prompted the volte-face.

Whatever the reasoning, nobody could dispute the sincerity of his conversion to
reconciliation - or of his desire to make a success of the new devolved
administration that he ended up leading.

That political progress has slowed down so alarmingly in recent years, and that
relations between the DUP and Sinn Féin are as strained as they are can be
directly linked to Dr Paisley's retirement. Peter Robinson is no Chuckle
Brother.

Any assessment of Ian Paisley - by far the most dominant and influential
unionist leader since Carson - would, however, be incomplete without also
acknowledging the enormous harm this preacherturned-politician did in the first
30 years of his career.

He succeeded in harnessing Protestant fundamentalism for the first time to the
mainstream unionist wagon, outflanking and ultimately usurping in the process
the Ascendancy landowners and professional classes who previously controlled
unionism and, through it, Stormont.

In so doing, it is a regrettable but unavoidable fact that he ratcheted up
sectarianism, gave the IRA the oxygen it craved, forced consensus-seekers into
hiding and alienated the middle ground on both sides of the Irish Sea.

That a man who made a lifelong career out of sowing dissent in the North could
somehow end up as the saviour of the peace process is, therefore, all the more
remarkable. Nevertheless, that is precisely what happened.

We all, north and south of the border, have good reason to be grateful that it
did. Whatever harm Dr Paisley may have done with the foam-flecked rhetoric of
his early career, he more than made up for it with the relentless bonhomie and
unfailing practicality of his final years.

If there is one lesson to be learned from his life-story, it is this: good
ultimately will triumph over evil. And that is a legacy that none of us need be
ashamed of.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DML


          Copyright 2014 Irish Daily Mail - Associated Newspapers Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              275 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     October 23, 2014 Thursday 5:31 PM GMT

Tinchy Stryder teams up with The Chuckle Brothers - PLUS all the rest of today's
pop culture LIVE!;
Welcome to Guide Daily: we're alive and live with all the day's pop culture
news.Start your day by reliving the fever dreams of last night with Panda Bear
and The Chuckle Brothers.And stay tuned for the huge number of earth-shattering
revelations the next eight hours will surely bring!

BYLINE: Rachel Aroesti

SECTION: CULTURE

LENGTH: 922 words


block-time published-time 5.31pm BST

Lying, Exercising and Sponging Off Your Parents: How To Be A Drifter

The second series of girl-slacker comedy Drifters begins tonight (9pm, E4) - in
Saturday's Guide the sitcom's creator and star Jessica Knappett gave us some
advice on coping with your 20s.

Here are her top tips on getting through decade number 3.

block-time published-time 3.51pm BST

Afternoon Links

Battling the post-lunch slump can be challenge. You can either give in to that
inviting state of slack befuddlement, or you can wake yourself up with the help
of the following new stuff (in order of stirring-ness).

To ease you in gently, here's J. Cole substantially livening up Jessie Ware's
Kind Of...Sometimes...Maybe with some tongue-twisters...

Now be roused by some industrious swearing in the new trailer for upcoming crime
thriller The Gambler, which features a newly slender Mark Wahlberg and cool new
catchphrase: "fuck you!"...

Then let pop-punk kings Rancid invigorate you with their new album Honor Is All
We Know, streaming ahead of its release on Monday (it all sounds like Fall Back
Down = good thing)...

Finally, if the new AVENGERS: AGE OF ULTRON TRAILER FEATURING BOMBAST AND A LOT
OF VERY LOUD NOISES doesn't wake you up, seek help immediately.

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 3.54pm BST

block-time published-time 1.59pm BST

My Top Five: Axes' Favourite Instrumental Bands    Junior - from Axes' upcoming
album Glory

Ahead of their UK tour which begins tomorrow in Brighton, we asked London math
rockers Axes to give us a run down of their top five favourite instrumental
bands.

Secret Chiefs 3 - Vajra

'Secret Chiefs 3 are one of the most exciting bands around at the moment. They
blend traditional Persian and Arabic folk with tech metal and electronic music
to create the most interesting genre-jumbled hybrid. Trey Spruance, formerly of
Faith No More, is the master of playing with the rhythm of his riffs within a
section. Their live shows are equal parts impressive and hypnotic.'

Hella - Better Get A Broom

'Hella manage to create a huge, aggressive sound with just one guitar and drums.
There's something very primal about the songs and the drumming in particular.
The playing is incredibly technical but somehow there is a loose feel that sits
within the songs, and plenty of seamless time signature changes. I think we have
a similar 'looseness' to our playing that adds extra depth to our music.'

Holy Fuck- Red Lights

'We've all watched these guys loads, pretty much exclusively at the now defunct
ATP festival. They're such a tight and fun live band and everyones goes mad when
they play. They're definitely an influence on the vibe we try to create live.
They straddle being an electronic act and a live band, so you get build ups and
drops and also gritty drums and bass.'

Three Trapped Tigers- Cramm

'This track is a great example of how TTT manage to blend virtuosity with dark
and powerful songwriting. I used to play in a band with drummer Adam Betts and
playing with him really opened up my sense of how a band could pull music apart.
You can see the guys doing that here. The real triumph is how the music sounds
explosive and natural, whilst still being mind-bendingly technical.'

Don Caballero - Mmmm Acting, I Love Me Some Good Acting

'The technical ability of Don Caballero is totally mind-blowing. They create
songs that flow through various soundscapes and have a very urgent energy about
them.'

Axes' new album Glory is out on November 3rd.

block-time published-time 12.10pm BST

The Room Spin-Off: So Bad, It's Bad

After Tommy Wiseau premiered his new sitcom in New York last month, the question
on everybody's lips is obviously: whatever happened to the supporting cast of
the 'worst film ever', Wiseau's unintentionally horrible The Room ? Well, like
everybody else in Hollywood, they're on Kickstarter, where they've started a
campaign to get a mockumentary made about their lives.

Watch the video below and then blame Michael Cera.

They've already raised $14,000 of their $18,000 target, which is slightly less
impressive when you take into account $10k of that comes from one crazy person
who has paid to be the executive producer. Privileges include: attending a
premiere and a complimentary DVD (although ten THOUSAND dollars apparently
doesn't cover overseas shipping. You'll need to pay an extra $15 for that).

block-time updated-timeUpdated at 12.17pm BST

block-time published-time 10.45am BST

Tinchy Stryder x The Chuckle Brothers + Panda Bear

Two new videos for you this morning, both like weird, disorientating dreams in
their own way.

From Them To Us: Tinchy Stryder and The Chuckle Brothers' gift to the nation

Tinchy Stryder and The Chuckle Brothers have unveiled the music video for their
collaboration entitled - what else - 'To Me, To You', which has been created to
raise money for leukaemia charity The ACLT.

Fans of the pair will be pleased to note that all the brothers' long-established
tropes are there: ladders, vans, shoelaces, leaks, baffling incompetence, a new
acquaintance slowly losing their mind (here played by Tinchy).

Mr Noah Lennox's new Panda Bear offering

Panda Bear - aka Animal Collective's Noah Lennox - has released the lead single
from upcoming new album Panda Bear Meets The Grim Reaper.

Mr Noah (that's the name of the song, not a formal address) is accompanied by
this trippily-filmed video involving fraught domestic drama and that thing when
you can't be bothered to unstack some chairs so just sit precariously on the top
one.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2014 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              276 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Echo (NewsQuest)

                             June 17, 2008 Tuesday

Prepare to chuckle

BYLINE: Bernie Friend

SECTION: SOUTHEND NEWS

LENGTH: 318 words


FAMILY favourites the Chuckle Brothers will help conjure up a festive feast of
pantomime magic, in Aladdin, at the Cliffs Pavilion this Christmas.

The children's TV stars promise plenty of laughs, playing Wishee and Washee, at
the Westcliff theatre, between Friday, December 5, and Sunday, January 4, 2009.

They will be joined on stage by Any Dream Will Do contestant Chris Crosby, in
the title role, and a computer-generated 3D Genie, who will fly around the
auditorium.

The audience will be invited to wear 3D glasses during the show, bringing to
life not only the Genie, but also Aladdin's cave of riches and a magic carpet
ride.

"We love panto season and are so pleased to be back at the Cliffs Pavilion,"
said Paul Elliott, 60, one half of the Chuckle Brothers.

"This show went on a national tour last year and we had a great time in front of
packed out audiences. We are looking forward to having just as much fun spending
Christmas in Southend."

His brother Barry Elliott, 63, also said he was looking forward to the shows.

He said: "There will be plenty of laughs and lots of making things up as we go
along.

"Panto season isn't always about following the script - it's about having a good
time with a live audience, making sure everybody leaves the theatre happy."

The duo's Chucklevision show celebrated its 20th birthday this year.

Chris Crosby, 20 who lost out to Southend's Lee Mead in the BBC's Joseph talent
search, will join the brothers on stage.

He said: "It's great for me to work with Paul and Barry, who have so much
experience in the entertainment industry. I'm going to learn a lot."

The revamped £21.5million Victoria Shopping Centre, in Southend High Street, is
sponsoring the panto.

Last year's record-breaking panto, Cinderella, starring Joe Pasquale, was
watched by more than 63,000 people, enjoying box office takings of more than
£1million.

Full Chuckle Brothers interview in Wednesday's Echo

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              277 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                   York Press

                             March 29, 2011 Tuesday

Review: The Chuckle Brothers present Barry Potty And His Full Blood Brother Paul
in The Ghostly Shadows, Grand Opera House, York

BYLINE: Maxine Gordon

SECTION: THEATRE (P WHATSON THEATRE)

LENGTH: 319 words


AS titles go, this one is quite a mouthful, but it does pretty much deliver what
it says on the tin. Take the Chuckle Bros, add some Harry Potter-esque settings,
a liberal helping of magic, and "Abracadabra," Barry and Paul pull off another
great show for all the family.

The fun begins at the railway station, where the brothers are about to board a
train to Pigspots, aka the magic school. As ever, the show is a family affair,
with the Chuckles' elder brothers, Jimmy and Brian Patton, taking key roles.

Jimmy plays Professor Bumblebore, headmaster of Pigspots, complete with booming
voice, harlequin-coloured cloak and terrifying catchprase: "No slackers".

Seeking to oust him from his role is Professor Folderol (Brian Patton), who
plays the evil baddie in good old-fashioned panto style: dressed all in black
and encouraging all the boos and hisses the packed audience can throw his way.

Magic duo Safire (Jayne and Stuart Loughland) are given plenty of stage time to
showcase their best tricks. Jayne's cutting Stuart in two in the classic "man in
a box" act still has me scratching my head in wonder.

The puppetry interlude is magic in its own way; the black background allowing
dayglo-coloured monsters and beasties to seemingly dance before our eyes to a
rocking soundtrack featuring Bohemian Rhapsody, Time Warp, 500 Miles and Pack Up
Your Troubles.

Another highlight was the cookery scene, where the brothers tried to make a
cake, following a simple recipe broadcast on the radio.

Trouble was, Pigspots' students kept changing the station, first to a gardening
programme, then a keep-fit one.

Cue the cake being placed in a grow bag, sprinkled with fertilizer and turned
into a football and kicked around the stage floor.

It wasn't long before the waterguns were out and the cast, and audience, got a
good soaking.The Chuckle Brothers prove yet again that slapstick and silliness
are still a recipe for success.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              278 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                           December 1, 2012 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

'50 years on, we still love our job ... if you don't, you may as well quit';
The Chuckle Brothers are soon to celebrate 50 years in showbusiness - and love
their life on the stage as much as ever, as they tell Will Ramsey ; BIGFEATURE

BYLINE: Will Ramsey

SECTION: THE GUIDE;FEATURES; Pg. 4,5

LENGTH: 619 words


Life could have been very different for the Chuckle Brothers. If they'd listened
to their dad, there would have been no nights on tour and no place on the
nation's television screens. As it is, the pair are about to celebrate 50 years
in showbusiness in 2013 - a good advert for following your own instincts.

"Dad told us not to go into showbusiness, well, he advised us not to, because it
is a difficult business to be in," said Paul, 65, the younger of the duo.

"We just got a lucky break, thankfully." Sitting in a wood-panelled room at Hull
City Hall, part of a busy schedule of interviews for this year's panto, the pair
are in a reflective mood.

Softly spoken - they'll leave the knockabout stuff for the photo shoot later on
- they're happy to look back over a half-century of high jinks.

Back in Hull for Sleeping Beauty, a follow-on from last year's record-breaking
run of Cinderella, the city holds some fond memories for the brothers.

They first performed at the New Theatre in 1967 in an "old-time musical hall
show" - a style of comedy that continues to influence their act today.

"It was all the old songs from Victorian days," said Paul.

"It was the type of thing that was handed down. Dad's uncle was the first in the
business, then our older brothers and then us. "There were also the old
sketches, which we still do today, army routines, marching.

That comedy part of it is still what we are about." "We've changed the gags,"
added Barry, 67. "But we've not changed the way we work. We've brought them up
to date."

As court jesters in the Qdos production of Sleeping Beauty, the duo will draw
heavily on these influences.

"We can't do anything we did last year when we had five or six routines," said
Barry.

"But we've got some different ones, which we'll rearrange from the good old
days."

"There was a routine people were asking about last year which we'll be doing
this time," said Paul. "It's where we pick someone up and throw them around the
stage, balance them on our heads and all sorts."

As they prepare for the month-long run, the words of their dad still play their
part, despite his initial warning about the perils of showbusiness.

"He always told us to do things to the best of our ability," Paul said.

"Whether there were only three or four people or 2,000 in the audience, always
do exactly the same, because you never know who's going to be there."

"He was right, though," said Barry. "It worked for us. We were at
Ashton-Under-Lyne doing a tour show and there were 28 people in.

"We worked flat out. Unbeknown to us there was a BBC producer and director up in
the gods and they picked up on it and took us to the BBC."

That family legacy might now be drawing to a close. None of their children have
followed them on to the stage, although Barry's granddaughter has a role in this
year's panto in Rotherham.

But they are both certain as to why they continue. "We enjoy it, that's why
we've kept going so long," said Barry.

"It is a job of life," added Paul. "We have done it for 50 years. Whatever job
you are doing, if you don't like it, you may as well get out."

SLEEPING BEAUTY When: Thursday until Sunday, January 6 Where: Hull New Theatre,
Kingston Square, Hull Tickets: £16-£23 To book: 01482 300300 Visit:
www.hullcc.gov.uk/hullnewtheatre BLUFFER'SGUIDE Life on stage: Paul and Barry
Chuckle (real name Elliot) are from Rotherham, the youngest in a showbusiness
family of eight. Other performers in the family include their older siblings,
Jimmy and Brian Patton.

Acclaim: The Chuckle Brothers came to national attention in 1974, when they won
New Faces.

Chuckle on: In 1987, the duo became regular faces on children's television show
ChuckleVision - a 22nd series is due to be screened in 2013.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: OH, BROTHER: Barry, left, and Paul.
JEST FOR CHUCKLES: The Chuckle Brothers will be appearing in Sleeping Beauty at
Hull New Theatre with Lea Marinelli. Picture: Jack Harland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDM


                         Copyright 2012 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved

                              279 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                           February 10, 2015 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

A careless change of address for Blair's father;
Philip Collins Notebook

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 588 words


It seemed obvious, while I was having lunch with a Labour candidate, that MPs in
marginal seats should be paid more than those in safe seats. An MP nursing a
marginal has to fight for every vote. They are back in the constituency every
weekend, opening fêtes and visiting schools. An MP for a safe seat

What's more, the urban areas represented by Labour MPs have greater social
problems, and therefore a bigger postbag, than the more prosperous rural areas
represented by Conservatives.

It doesn't always go smoothly, though. Tony Blair's father once sent him, as he
often did, a warm and emotional note which he signed off with "Loving Pa". The
constituency office was busy but, even so, Leo Blair must have been astonished
to receive the reply: "We thank you for your letter, the contents of which have
been noted" and which was addressed to "Mr L. Pa".

Dynasty gold dust

The key to being a good public speaker is to find your character. That, at
least, is the shtick I am flying to Denver to teach to a bunch of industrialists
who don't feel confident telling stories.

In search of a local example to bring the lesson alive, I find Denver's gold
rush origins fascinating but unhelpful. Neither is the fact that Denver is known
as the Mile High City. I can see where that one goes.

But then I hit the jackpot. Blue-haired Blake Carrington lived here in a 48-room
mansion in Dynasty. It was a big show; Gerald and Betty Ford and Henry Kissinger
were guest stars in 1983.

Ploughing through old episodes, I find just what I need. A good public speaker
has to be a version of themselves, to play a character that just happens to be
them. In Dynasty, Krystle Carrington, played by Linda Evans, was once imprisoned
and a lookalike, also played by Linda Evans, took over her life. Daft storyline
but a perfect metaphor for what to do during the short but intimidating walk to
the speaker's podium.

Winters of discontent

I was delighted to see Ed Miliband criticised last week for being "the wrong
Chuckle Brother" because it raised the question of whether there even is a right
Chuckle Brother. However, I suspect that one Miliband will do for the Labour
party. The Milibands are not the Chuckle Brothers or even the Marx Brothers.
They are the Mike and Bernie Winters of British politics.

The Winters brothers, who fell out and stopped working together, used to begin
their act with Mike on stage alone, doing a monologue that was interrupted by
Bernie poking his head gormlessly through the curtain. One night, Mike's
introduction was received in complete silence and when Bernie's head appeared, a
man in the front row cried out: "Oh my God, there's two of them."

Building blockhead

I am appearing on Newsnight to take issue with Mary Beard, professor of classics
at Cambridge, who believes politicians would be more authentic if they wrote
their own words. I don't say so on air but I learnt the hard way that Mary may
have a point.

There is an apocryphal tale in which Dr Johnson looks out on a narrow street and
sees two women, leaning out of their windows on either side, hitting one another
with wet towels. Johnson is reputed to have turned to Boswell and said: "Those
two women will never agree ... because they're arguing from different premises."

That struck me as a perfect speech opening. If only I hadn't given it to a
politician for whom it made no sense. He related the set-up perfectly but then
concluded with the immortal line: "Those two women will never agree ... because
they're arguing from different buildings."

@PCOLLINSTIMES

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2015 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              280 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                          February 28, 2007 Wednesday

Spooky strippers scare all

SECTION: Pg. 29

LENGTH: 356 words


Fans of Chuckle Vision will know that the Chuckle Brothers are not afraid to try
their hand at anything and although it usually ends in disaster, sometimes, by
accident, they triumph.

The brothers' return to Hull New Theatre after their highly successful pantomime
run was always going to be hilarious. The only question was, would they end up
dashing off in disgrace or would they be heroes?

It was a flying visit - just one matinee and one evening performance, both to
packed houses.

Billed as Spooky Goings On 2, the show opened with a smokey Ghost Busters scene,
with Barry and Paul Chuckle dressed in white overalls and some very tall ghosts
dressed in sheets.

Pretty soon one of the many interludes followed, this time featuring Barry as an
amazing gymnast, front-flipping across stage, which brought to mind that
Morecambe and Wise show where various newsreaders (or their stunt doubles) did
the same. Other interludes featured magicians cutting each other in half.

The set for the haunted hotel to which the Chuckle Brothers headed next was
spectacular, the brickwork decorated with fangs, spider webs and skulls for
candle holders.

The brothers had to tackle all sorts of spooks, but the hotel butler was scarier
than any of them. But the dangerous task they faced didn't stop them from coming
out with an endless stream of silly jokes, combining contemporary with old
favourites. So when the phone rang, there was the now-obligatory "deal or no
deal" reply from Barry. When it rang again, this time it was the corny: "It's a
long distance from Australia", "yes, it is."

But no matter how corny it was, the kids and parents loved it all.

The second part of the show started with a spooky karaoke, featuring everything
from Time Warp to a skeleton stripping to You Can Keep Your Hat On.

The finale was a very funny song and dance routine featuring everyone in the
show. Arms and legs flew everywhere in a carefully-choreographed routine which
only collapsed when a wig was knocked off.

nThe Chuckle Brothers are at Grimsby Auditorium on April 9. Call 0870 0602331.
They are also at Sheffield Lyceum Theatre from May 28-30. Call 0114 2496000.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved

                              281 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                           Evening Herald (Plymouth)

                                August 31, 2005

Careworn comic duo pledge panto packed with laughs and magic

SECTION: News; Consumer; Crazes; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 2159 words


They're not exactly like they are on the telly. In the flesh, Paul and Barry
Elliot - aka The Chuckle Brothers - look more like a pair of ageing blokes with
bad haircuts than the cheeky chappy comic icons of children's television. As the
Chuckle Brothers, or the 'Chucks' to save time, the real-life brothers have
enjoyed two decades of success with their BBC show, and sell-out tours of spoofy
kids' productions.

While most adults probably recoil in horror at their OTT physical comedy (He
fell over! On a banana skin! - that sort of thing), there's no denying the
kiddies love 'em.

And when they popped up on Plymouth Hoe to launch the Theatre Royal's pantomime,
Jack and the Beanstalk, it was a sunny day and the Hoe was crawling with
children who couldn't keep away. The Chucks posed for photos and the kids crept
closer, pointing and exclaiming in delight.

It was surely an ideal opportunity for Paul and Barry to burst into life as the
Chucks, crack a few jokes and lark about for their impromptu audience. But
instead, the pair smiled for the cameras and slipped quietly away.

I was a little surprised - last year's panto star, Brian Conley, would certainly
have turned the opportunity to his advantage.

Half an hour later we sat down for a chat, and the air of despondency
surrounding the brothers was tangible. The older and smaller of the two is
Barry, who turns 61 in December, as the heavy lines now creasing his rubbery
face testify. His tiny legs looked incongruous in the colourful tights of his
panto costume, his feet dwarfed by huge comedy boots.

Barry seemed even smaller sitting next to his larger 58-year-old brother Paul.
They both still sport the spiky haircuts they've always had, although both are
now flecked with a fair amount of grey, And both were a little dispirited, often
answering my questions halfheartedly even when I handed them easy topics on a
plate.

It all started to feel a little cruel: maybe the time has come to put the
Chuckle Brothers out of their misery and let them retire? Possibly they were
tired from years spent entertaining the kiddies, or just fed up with yet more
interviews to promote another panto.

But I suspected it was the recent story in The Sun newspaper about Barry
Chuckle's allegedly "sleazy" antics which was to blame. I intended to ask about
the unwanted press attention, but given the tense atmosphere, I thought it wise
to get in a few other questions first to warm them up.

So what about this panto then? "Oh yes we're looking forward to being down in
Plymouth, aren't we?" the taller Chuck - Paul - told me, in a slightly more
energised tone. "Every time we come the audiences are great, we love 'em." The
smaller Chuck, aka Barry, joined in. "Yeah, we've been down a few times to the
Pavilions and it's been great." We chatted on for a while about Jack and the
Beanstalk, and why it's sure to be a hit because the Chucks pack it full of
comedy.

"If you don't laugh, I'll give you the money back for your seats," Paul joked,
warming up to his theme.

The Chucks are panto veterans, performing every year for the past 39 years.

"We remember when we were the youngsters in panto, don't we?" Paul said to
Barry.

"Yeah, now everybody else is kids, aren't they?" Barry said back to Paul.

The Chucks do this often, talking to and over each other, a shadow of their
familiar double act but minus the enthusiasm. They must have seen pantomime
change a lot over the last four decades? Paul, definitely the more talkative of
the two, nods: "Yes we have, but we've brought it back to the tradition. Not the
tradition of 'it's behind you' and all that stuff people think is pantomime:
kids shouting. That's what crept in.

"It's an art form. Lots of laughter, nice little story, a few songs - not too
many as the kids run around. It's got to look good, but be very, very funny."
"It goes back 300 years," Barry pipes up. "All year long they did ordinary
plays, and then at Christmas they did a send-up of a play, which is a pantomime:
women dressed as men and men as women. They just had a laugh from start to
finish. But that's gone by the wayside." Now it's C-list celebrities singing
Westlife covers? "Yeah I think we're about the last of the breed aren't we?,"
Paul said to Barry. "Just about," replied Barry, despondently.

Are they resentful about reality TV stars heading the bill? "Well it does help
to draw people in," Barry began.

"But if you're doing that, then you need a very strong comedian, too," Paul
continued.

Barry and Paul believe it's the comedy that really matters.

"We've always done well with pantomime and we're sure that's because people go
away having had a good laugh. That's what pantomime is about," Paul said.

"It's hard to believe but this is family humour. I think we're the only ones
left who do that. People either work to adults or children, never to family.

"When we were brought up, everyone was clean, even in clubs, and to be funny you
had to be funny. Nowadays, you just need to know some mucky jokes and you're
away.

"But everything we do will make kids, grandmothers and mums laugh. Clean as a
whistle; it doesn't have to be mucky." The Chucks don't see what they do as
'children's' entertainment - they believe their comedy is for all ages.

"We keep telling people not to advertise our shows as children's shows because
they're family shows," Paul said.

"We make pantomime the same.It's the first time a lot of kids come to a theatre,
so we want it to be a really good show for all the family." After 39 non-stop
years of panto, are the Chucks not tempted to have a year off? "No. We're
waiting for retirement," Paul jokes. "But even then it'll feel strange not to be
doing a panto, because that is Christmas for us." Barry agrees: "It makes
Christmas for us: even growing up, Christmas was always about pantomime because
dad was a comedian, and we were always doing pantomime as a family." As well as
panto, the Chucks are also on the road every year with a film spoof show - this
year it was 'Pirates of the River Rother'; in 2004 'Barry Potter and his Smarter
Brother Paul in the Chamber of Horrors', and in 2003 they offered us 'Star
Doors' - you get the idea.

The shows continue to do well. "The last two years we've been sold out wherever
we've gone. It gets bigger every year - there are now loads of parents who
watched us as kids and now bring their kids along, which makes you feel really
old," Paul said.

And the Chucks are due to record series 19 of their BBC show Chucklevision in
September.

Is retirement finally on the horizon? Paul laughs. "When we can afford it. Got a
wife who keeps spending the money, so can't stop yet." But they must be finding
it tiring now? "It is, very tiring," Paul admits. "Maybe in another three or
four years. Might even go until Barry's 68 and I'm 65." Crikey.

"As long as we don't have to get the Zimmer frames out. We've both been lucky
with our health - we look old but we feel young. When it starts to get painful
then there's no point carrying on." The Chucks seemed destined for showbiz given
their family background. Paul and Barry are the youngest of six children born in
Rotherham in South Yorkshire into a showbiz family in which everyone wanted to
perform, and the two eldest brothers also work in entertainment.

Paul and Barry started young, putting on shows for neighbours in their back
garden, and went on to find jobs in clubs, cabaret productions and even the
circus. They won the original series of New Faces in 1974, but didn't get their
big telly break until 1985.

"We were playing a theatre with only 28 people in," Paul tells me. "But what we
didn't know was there was a TV producer and director from the BBC sitting at the
back watching. We just went out and messed about, enjoying it, then next day got
a phone call from them saying 'thought you were brilliant, the way you worked to
28 people. And if you can work to that on stage and get laughs, you can
certainly work in a studio'. It's just all gone from there." Paul and Barry made
13 episodes of the Chucklehounds before Chucklevision started in 1987, and today
the show pulls in three million viewers.

Did Paul and Barry want to work in children's television? "No, we never thought
of children's, ever," Paul said. "I wanted to be a footballer when I was younger
but I got an injury, and afterwards we just wanted to be in entertainment." "If
we had done adult TV we might be out of it by now so you can't really complain,
although you do get more money when you're in adult television," Barry says
thoughtfully.

Have the brothers never wanted to go their separate ways after so long
performing together? "No, no," they both echo.

So they must get on well? "Yeah, yeah." Hmm, things are trailing off again.

Do fans expect them to behave like the Chuckle Brothers in real life? "People
know we're not really the Chuckle Brothers," Barry said.

"Sometimes they ask if you're as stupid as on the telly, and I say no, I don't
write the scripts," Paul added. "You can't get away from it wherever you go;
I've been asked for my autograph in the Maldives." The mood is still a little
flat, but I've run out of questions, and as much as I'd like to pack up without
asking about the tabloid story and torturing the poor Chucks further, a little
part of me can't resist.

It was a surprise to everyone when the Chuckle Brothers made headlines in The
Sun newspaper back in April. The story was about Barry Chuckle, a married
grandfather, having a steamy encounter with a mum of two young fans. Barry
admitted to sending raunchy emails to the 37-year-old housewife and meeting her
at a motorway service station.

As 'scandals' go it was pretty tame, but as it was the first time the words '
Chuckle Brother' and 'steamy' had even been linked, it justified a red-top
headline.

I don't expect the Chucks to say much when I bring it up, but Paul uses the
opportunity to sound off.

"I think it's disgusting that people can put things like that in the paper,"
Paul says vehemently, while Barry looks at his feet. "They've just done it to
make money, but it ruins lives.

"It's nothing to do with me, it's about Barry, but I was waking up in the middle
of the night, horribly sick inside. It nearly made me ill.

"I think the English press is dreadful. How can they do that to people and say
it's public information and they're allowed to?" Has the story - and the
subsequent follow-ups (the woman in question sold her story to a magazine) had a
negative impact on the Chuckle Brothers' success? "Not work wise, just
personally." "Work wise no," echoes Barry in a small voice.

I tell them the Herald received a call from one Plymouth theatregoer saying she
usually took a group to the pantomime at the Theatre Royal, but wouldn't go this
year after reading The Sun story.

"If she wants to be like that then so what," Paul said defiantly. "A dozen
people is not going to make any difference. Nobody has cancelled on the tour."
Paul is clearly very angry; has this put him off showbiz? "Not the business, but
newspapers yeah. How dare they print that? Imagine if it was you: you're happily
married, you've got kids, you might some day have a little bit of a flirtation,
and then suddenly it's in the papers, and it ruins your life." I point out that
the tabloids argue people like the Chuckle Brothers put themselves in the public
eye, so have to expect publicity of this kind.

"But the public have put us in this position, not us. I think it's wrong, I
really do. If we had gone to the papers and the papers had made us rich like
these so-called celebrities today - but we've never been in the papers. They've
never printed a thing about what we do for charity or photographed us at an
award.

"Then suddenly this. And that's just a private thing that should be nothing to
do with anybody." Barry, who was after all the subject of the story, is staying
quiet as his brother rants, so I ask if the story meant an end to his 35-year
marriage to Ann.

"Oh no," he says quietly.

"But it could have been over!" Paul breaks back in.

"Oh yeah, could have been..." Barry trails off again as his brother takes over.

Both Paul and Barry say the experience has shaken their trust in people and
they're now more wary of fans asking for autographs.

"We've never had anybody coming on to us but since that happened, the number of
women who smile at us...

"But on stage, we're the same. It was difficult at the time, but we've gotten
over it. Although if it happened again, I think we'd cancel the whole thing,
leave the country, stuff it. The things we've done for charity over the
years..." I decide to wrap up the interview before things get any more
depressing and leave the Chuckle Brothers much as I found them - subdued and a
little despondent.

Let's hope their spirits pick up in time for the panto.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                   © Copyright 2005 Evening Herald (Plymouth)

                              282 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Mirror

                            December 30, 2013 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                Northern Ireland

MARTY'S GET WELL WISH FOR PAISLEY;
Former enemy-turned-colleague's message to ex DUP chief

BYLINE: VICTORIA MCMAHON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 398 words


MARTIN McGuinness sent good wishes to his former partner in government Ian
Paisley Snr yesterday as it emerged he's in hospital.

The former DUP firebrand was admitted into the Ulster Hospital in Dundonald on
the outskirts of East Belfast on Saturday for "necessary tests", his family
revealed.

His former enemy, Deputy First Minister McGuinness, sent his wishes for a speedy
recovery via Twitter posting: "Best wishes to Ian Paisley Snr, hopefully his
stay in hospital will be short & he will soon be returned home to his family in
good health."

A statement released by the South Eastern and Social Care Trust said: "Baroness
Paisley confirms that her husband was admitted to hospital yesterday for some
necessary tests. He is in good spirits.

"The family are grateful for those who have expressed concern and ask that his
privacy be respected. There will be no further comment at this time."

The veteran politician's hospital admittance comes less than a year after he
spent a week on life-support suffering from heart failure.

During that time his worried family kept a bedside vigil as he fought for life.
He made a remarkable recovery and later admitted he had "walked in death's
shadow".

The ex-preacher, now known as Lord Bannside, spoke of how his time is spent
working g on his memoirs since his recovery.

In February 2011 he had a pacemaker fitted at St Thomas' Hospital in London
after falling ill in the House of Lords. Paramedics had to revive him following
his collapse in Parliament.

Mr Paisley stood down as First Minister in 2008 and ended 60 years of full-time
ministry in January 2012.

He established the DUP in 1971 and opposed every attempt by successive British
and Irish governments to create a power-sharing government between unionists and
rival nationalists.

But in a dramatic U-turn after the St Andrew's Agreement in 2006 he lse lead his
party into powersharing with their former enemies in Sinn Fein.

He struck up an unlikely rapport with Deputy First Minister and former IRA man
Martin McGuinness, with their public displays of smiling and joking earning them
being dubbed the "Chuckle Brothers".

Since he stepped down as first minister Mr Paisley has retreated from public
life. He preached his final sermon in 2012.

victoria.mcmahon@mgn.co.uk

VOICE OF THE MIRROR: PAGE 8

The family are grateful for concern and ask for privacy to be respected HEALTH
TRUST STATEMENT YESTERDAY

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TWEET Message from one Chuckle brother to another
CHUCKLE BROTHERS Ian Paisley ad Martin McGuinness

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMR


                            Copyright 2013 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              283 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                  Daily Record

                            April 7, 2001, Saturday

EVENTS;
 FUN DAYS OUT FOR ALL THE FAMILY

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 360 words


Saturday, April 7

TECHNOPOLIS 2001, 10am-5pm

Adam House, 3 Chambers Street, Edinburgh. 0131 473 2070. Ages over 11. Fully
interactive science festival for teenagers and young adults. Also on Sun-Thu.

SPRING FLOWER SHOW 2001, 10.30am-5.30pm

Caird Hall, City Square, Dundee. 01382 434940. Scotland's premier Spring Flower
Show attracting 5000 visitors and exhibitors. Also on Sun.

THE HAPPY GANG'S BIG BIRTHDAY BASH! 11am & 2.30pm

Paisley Town Hall, Abbey Close, Paisley. 0141 887 1010. The Happy Gang invite
you to join their fifth birthday celebrations.

STARLAB & FAMILY ASTRONOMY ACTIVITIES, 11am-5pm

Royal Observatory Visitor Centre, Blackford Hill, Edinburgh. 0131 668 8405. Ages
over five. Journey to the stars and join in fun family workshops. Also on Sun.

THE SINGING KETTLE SILLY CIRCUS, 11am & 2pm

Adam Smith Theatre, Bennochy Road, Kirkcaldy. 01592 412929. Roll up, roll up to
the big top where the Kettlers have songs and fun. Also on Sun.

CHILDREN'S WORKSHOP, 1pm-3pm

Burrell Collection, 2060 Pollokshaws Road, Glasgow. 0141 287 2550. Ursula Bevin
leads workshop for children over eight. Places limited, so arrive early.

CHUCKLE BROTHERS, 2pm

Pavilion Theatre, 121 Renfield Street, Glasgow. 0141 332 1846. More crazy antics
from the Chucklevision team.

DR BUNHEAD'S LEAF FACTORY, 3pm-4pm

Dynamic Earth, Holyrood Road, Edinburgh. 0131 473 2070. Ages over eight. Dr
Bunhead indulges in some experiments with Barny, the SAS-trained banana. Also on
Sun-Fri.

Sunday, April 8

SCOTLAND'S LARGEST AUTOJUMBLE, 10am

Chatelherault Country Park, Carlisle Road, Hamilton. 01698 426213. Chatelherault
is transformed into a car boot and classic car sale.

BIG MACHINES, 10.30am-5pm

Museum Of Flight, East Fortune Airfield, Haddington. 0131 473 2070. Displays of
mammoth machines. Watch demonstrations, take a tour of the airfield or sit in
the vehicles.

BANANAS IN PYJAMAS, 1pm & 4.30pm

Pavilion Theatre, 121 Renfield Street, Glasgow. 0141 332 1846. TV stars perform
a full-scale musical extravaganza.

CHUCKLE BROTHERS, 2pm

Playhouse, 18-22 Greenside Place, Edinburgh. 0870 6063424.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

            Copyright 2001 Scottish Daily Record & Sunday Mail Ltd.

                              284 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (England)

                          September 19, 2015 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

CHUCKLE BROTHER 84, TO WED FAN, 25;
A TOUCHING LAUGH STORY ; (And he got permission from her dad, 68)

BYLINE: LAUREN VEEVERS;JAKE RYAN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 373 words


CHUCKLE Brother Jimmy Patton, 84, is to marry a fan 59 years younger than him -
and he laughed off the age difference.

Jimmy - a regular with comedy duo Barry and Paul Chuckle - popped the question
to Amy Phillips, 25.

He said: "She was sitting on the settee and I got down on one knee on the living
room floor. It was emotional. Thankfully she said Yes."

He had first asked permission from her father John - at 68, younger than Jimmy
by 16 years.

Wedding guests are expected to include veteran funnymen Ken Dodd, Jimmy Cricket
and Bobby Knutt. Also there will be Barry and Paul, famed for the "To me, To
You," catchphrase.

Jimmy added: "We haven't set a date yet but we are very happy."

He has regularly appeared with Barry, 70, and Paul, 67, on their ChuckleVision
TV show alongside fourth brother Brian, 81. Jimmy's catchphrase was: "Remember -
no slacking", while Brian was known for his cry: "Geroutofit."

'I never thought I'd find this kind of love again' Jimmy, whose wife Valerie
died five years ago, met Amy on Facebook 18 months ago. They now share his
£255,000 detached home in Maltby, South Yorks.

He said: "Amy had been a fan of ChuckleVision all of her life and commented on
something I posted. It just went from there.

"I never thought I would find this kind of love again."

Amy's dad John, of Ormskirk, Lancs, said: "They're really good together. Jimmy
and his friends think Amy is the bee's knees."

Wife Mary, 64, said: "He was on about going off to Gretna Green at one point but
I think it'll just be a quiet affair in a register office."

Retired Jimmy and Amy have just returned from two weeks in Cuba and in January
had a holiday in Cancun, Mexico.

Amy recently shared a selfie of the pair's trip to the seaside and wrote:
"Another lovely day in Southport with my sweetheart."

But last night Jimmy's daughter Debbie Baggot, 47, said: "I've got a lot I could
say, but I'm afraid it's something between me and my dad. He's my dad so I love
him no matter what."

lauren.veevers@the-sun.co.uk CELEBS IGNORE AGE GAP Playboy's Hugh Hefner, 89,
and wife Crystal, 29 Rod Stewart, 70, and Penny Lancaster, 44 Stephen Fry, 58,
and Elliott Spencer, 28 Michael Douglas, 70, and Catherine Zeta-Jones, 45 Sir
Mick Jagger, 72, and Melanie Hamrick, 28

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 'Old my hand ... veteran Jimmy and fiancee AmyPicture: BEN LACKTelly...
Jimmy with Barry & Paul, right

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUN


                    Copyright 2015 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved

                              285 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                  The Northern Echo (Newsquest Regional Press)

                           November 27, 2014 Thursday

Chuckle Brothers bring light to Darlington's big Christmas switch on

BYLINE: Hannah Bryan

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 291 words


THE CHUCKLE Brothers switched on Darlington's Christmas lights to a spectacular
fanfare of fireworks.

Thousands of adults and children packed in to the town's market square to watch
the event, hosted by TFM's breakfast show stars, Steve and Karen.

A Christmas-themed Sunday People's Market with almost 40 independent traders
from across the North-East helped kick-off the festivities, which also hosted
music by acoustic guitarist John Alexander Grace, carol singing by St
Augustine's School choir and festive songs by Cockerton Prize Silver Band.

Event organiser Samantha Blackham said she was delighted with the turnout.

"We have a lot of new traders here and one is from as far away as Whitby. It has
been a really good event and has enhanced the offer we have in Darlington," she
said.

"It was so lovely to hear the choir singing. They really make you feel
Christmassy."

The event marked the start of late-night shopping on Thursday evenings in
Darlington and the beginning of a four-day Christmas market, featuring festive
entertainment and live music, which is open from 9am to 5pm on Friday and
Saturday, and 10am to 4pm on Sunday.

Santa also opened the doors to his grottos in the Cornmill Centre and Queen
Street Shopping Centre, while the finale of the celebrations will be the annual
reindeer parade on Sunday from 11am.

Councillor Chris McEwan, Darlington Borough Council's cabinet member for economy
and regeneration said: "With lights and festive markets, Santa grottos, music
and entertainment, Christmas has well and truly arrived in Darlington.

"This time of year is all about family fun and this is what's on offer in
Darlington.

"Along with an excellent range of independent and larger shops, we've got
Christmas well and truly wrapped up."

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              286 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Evening Gazette

                             October 3, 2014 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Still Chuckling 29 years on

BYLINE: Laura Foad

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 279 words


THE Chuckle Brothers have been performing in pantomimes for 29 years but still
enjoy each show as much as they always have. Real-life brothers Paul and Barry
Elliot visited the North-east yesterday to launch their new pantomime - The
Chuckles of Oz - and explained why they still love doing what they do. The
Yorkshire-born duo have worked in almost every area of entertainment but found
real success when they starred in their own children's TV show on the BBC in
1985 - Chuckle- Hounds.

They quickly moved on to their most famous show, ChuckleVision, in 1987
delighting legions of young fans who have grown up with the pair's catchphrase
"to me, to you" - which still gets shouted at them on a regular basis. Older
brother Barry said: "We still get stopped in the street, but now it's by mums
and dads. "Panto is great because people of all ages come to the show and enjoy
it for different reasons. "Mums and dads, who watched us when they were younger,
now bring their children along and so a new generation is getting to know our
humour." The comic legends - who return to the stage at the Darlington Civic
Theatre - have always been fond of the area, and are looking forward to
entertaining a lively, northern audience. Paul said: "We love the North-east and
especially the audience here. "We've got a good fan base in the region and
always have had. "Audience participation is such a big part of the show and, up
here, the crowd always joins in and makes it work really well. "Our dad was from
here as well and we got into acting because it was such a big part of our
family, so it's special to come back." See today's What's On pull-out for
details on dates and tickets

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Chuckle Brothers, Paul and Barry, with Adam Booth the Scarecrow,
Danny Potts the Tin Man, Phil Corbitt the Cowardly Lion and Beth Stobbart the
Good WitchKATIE LUNN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EGM


                    Copyright 2014 Gazette Media Company Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              287 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Mirror

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                Northern Ireland

Chuckle Bros slammed for court selfie

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 94 words


THE Chuckle Brothers were slated on Twitter yesterday for posing for a selfie
outside court after giving evidence at the Dave Lee Travis trial.

Paul Elliott, 66, and Barry, 69, deleted it after being branded "tasteless". But
Paul said: "Last time, paparazzi took loads of pictures."

A panto stagehand claims the brothers interrupted an assault on her by ex-Radio
1 DJ Harris, 69, in 1990.

Paul told Southwark crown court: "I never saw anything or had suspicions."

Travis, of Aylesbury, Bucks, denies two counts of indecent assault and a sexual
assault. The trial continues.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO Paul and Barry

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMR


                            Copyright 2014 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              288 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Evening Gazette

                            December 13, 2013 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Chuckle Brothers' Christmas quiz

SECTION: WHATS ON;FEATURES; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 220 words


THE Chuckle Brothers are starring in panto at Darlington Civic Theatre, bringing
their famous brand of humour and mayhem to me and to you in the roles of Wishee
and Washee in Aladdin.

Here Paul and Barry, above, go head to head to tackle some Christmas teasers.

Q: Best ever panto costume? Barry: We were in Robin Hood in Cardiff, the
costumes were real leather and suede. Paul: It's the only time we had to have
dressers to help us. We were the Merry Men. Q: Best and worst Christmas presents
you've ever given each other Barry: Socks - and that was the best.

Paul: I don't think we've ever given each other presents have we? Ha, ha!

Q: Who cooks your christmas lunch? Barry: My wife cooks mine. Paul: I do - for
me though, not for Barry.

Q: What kind of Christmas shopper are you? Barry: It's last minute for me. Paul:
Terrible. I go on the internet and get everything. Q: Favourite Christmas tune?
Barry: That one that starts 'Snow is falling...' - I think its called Merry
Christmas Everyone by Shakin' Stevens.

Paul: Do They Know Its Christmas, it always brings back memories.

Q: What part did you play in your school nativity play? Barry: I think I did
have a part but I was in the background, not a main part.

Paul: We didn't have one - I had teachers who said I'd never get anywhere in
life, all I did was play football!

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EGM


                    Copyright 2013 Gazette Media Company Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              289 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                              April 6, 2012 Friday
                              North Wales Edition

Shiver me timbers! The Brothers are back...

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 118 words


THE Chuckle Brothers will be taking to the stage in Llandudno on Monday.

Paul and Barry will perform two showings of Return of the Pirates of the River
Rother 2: In Stranger Tights at Venue Cymru. The adventure sees the brothers
visit a theme park, where a mishap on the water ride sees them magically
transported back in time to a world of pirates and treasures.

Paul and Barry have starred in 15 series' of Chucklevision, and also performed
on stage.

Previous shows include the 2000 pantomime Dick Whittington, and their 1998
Summer Season tour date in Llandudno. In 2012 they celebrate 25 years in the
business.

? Return of the Pirates of the River Rother 2, Venue Cymru, Monday. Tickets
venuecymru.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  To me, to you: The Chuckle Brothers are coming

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dp


                       Copyright 2012 Trinity Mirror plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              290 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                              Sheffield Telegraph

                               November 21, 2011

Chuckle Brothers in TV ad camapaign

LENGTH: 122  words



HIGHLIGHT: TO ME - to you!


TO ME - to you!

Riotous Rotherham brothers Paul and Barry Chuckle are back on the box after
being made the new stars of a TV advertisement campaign.

The Chuckle Brothers have picked up the baton for insurers Van Compare from cult
advert star Andy Scott of 1970s glam-rock outfit The Sweet.

The terrible twosome are best known for their CBBC programme Chucklevision - the
longest-running sitcom in the UK.

Chucklevision has been going for 22 years of slapstick jokes, japes, pranks,
disasters and DIY foul-ups all delivered in South Yorkshire accents.

Besides the advert the brothers are also working on a 3D spoof-horror movie,
which is rumoured for release some time in the new year.

The brothers are well known Rotherham United fans.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NSTE


                       Copyright 2011 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              291 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                              Scunthorpe Telegraph

                                 March 28, 2011
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Chuckle Brothers set for Harry Potter spoof show;
In Brief

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 93 words


THE Chuckle Brothers are coming to Scunthorpe to perform a comedy Harry Potter
production.

Paul and Barry Chuckle will act out Barry Potty And His Full Blood Brother Paul
In The Ghostly Shadows at the Plowright Theatre.

Organisers say that in the play, Barry and Paul will arrive at Pigsnorts School
Of Magic where the evil Lord Fonterall is plotting to take over the school. But
they will attempt to foil his plan.

The show is on Sunday, May 15 at 2pm and 5pm. Tickets cost £13 each or £50 for a
family. To book, call the Plowright's box office on 01724 277733.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SCU


                      Copyright 2011 Scunthorpe Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved

                              292 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                   Metro (UK)

                            December 1, 2008 Monday
                     London and all shared stories Edition

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 33 words


To me, to you: The Chuckle Brothers celebrate winning their Childrens Bafta last
night. Barry, 63, and Paul, 61, Elliot were handed the special award for more
than 30 years of entertainingPicture: PA

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: To me, to you: The Chuckle Brothers celebrate winning their Childrens
Bafta last night. Barry, 63, and Paul, 61, Elliot were handed the special award
for more than 30 years of entertaining Picture: PA

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              293 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                               Daily Star Sunday

                                 April 27, 2008
                                U.K. 1st Edition

Separated at birth;
RAY'S YER GAME

BYLINE: RAY ANSBRO

SECTION: SPORT FOOTBALL TYPE=ARTICLE LINK=1; 55

LENGTH: 9 words


CHUCKLE BROTHERS: Joker Barry Chuckle and Enzo Calzaghe

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHUCKLE BROTHERS: Joker Barry Chuckle and Enzo Calzaghe

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS
                              All Rights Reserved

                              294 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                               The Sun (England)

                           December 13, 2007 Thursday

Chuckle brothers greet Hollywood

BYLINE: Liz Trainor

LENGTH: 181  words


THE Chuckle Brothers were at it again yesterday -hobnobbing with an Oscar winner
and the cream of Hollywood in Belfast.

First Minister Ian Paisley and his Deputy Martin McGuinness were last week
spotted joking and laughing together with screen star Liam Neeson in New York.

They looked equally relaxed last night when they entertained Shirley MacLaine
and film director Lord Attenborough at a special reception in Stormont.

The stars were in town before tonight's world premiere in Belfast of their new
film Closing The Ring.

And they couldn't resist dropping in at Parliament Buildings to meet the once
arch-enemies. Lord Attenborough said: "To actually meet them embodies an awful
lot of what I care about.

"They are two men who passionately, almost violently, opposed each other for
many years and human decency has resulted in them sitting round a table even if
they don't agree 100 per cent with each other.

"That sets an example to Israel, to the Middle East and other trouble spots
around the world."

Shirley MacLaine said; "I thought it was rather historic to see these two men
together."

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved

                              295 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                            Kent and Sussex Courier

                              May 18, 2007 Friday

The chuckle brothers

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 80 words


The Chuckle Brothers

Assembly Hall Theatre

Tunbridge Wells

Paul and Barry continue their time-defying career with a new tour.

The brothers visit their long lost relative. They have sent a letter (to which
they've had no reply) but  assume he got it anyway.

But when they arrive they find that there has been a mistake. Worst of all, they
find themselves in a hotel that is haunted. To me, to you? It's hilarious. For
at least some of the family.

May 20

Tickets £12

Box office 01892 530613

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Kent and Sussex Courier
                              All Rights Reserved

                              296 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                               Market Rasen Mail

                                 March 27, 2007

Chuckle Brothers to do Easter show at Grimsby

LENGTH: 87  words


The Chuckle Brothers are appearing at Grimsby Auditorium on Monday April 9, with
two performances at 2pm and 5pm.

Real-life brothers, they have been entertaining children and adults alike since
they won TV talent show 'New Faces' in 1974.

They are now established as one of the country's top comedy duos, with regular
appearances on television and in pantos and summer seasons all over the country.

Tickets at £12 available from the box office in person, by telephone on 0870 060
2331 or online at www.LiveNation.co.uk/grimsby.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              297 of 500 DOCUMENTS

               UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Oxfordshire

                                  May 28, 2005

Brothers still provide chuckles

SECTION: Whats_on

LENGTH: 99 words


The Chuckle Brothers are back in a swashbuckling adventure of ghost ships
pirates fun and calamity when they appear in Pirates Of The River Rother on June
1.

Coming to the Oxford's New Theatre for one night only the famous brothers will
be getting into scraps with Pirate Captain Redbeard and Horatio Nelson Slacking
as they search for the famous hidden treasure trove of Slack Island.

Famous for their children's TV series The Chucklehounds and Chucklevision their
15th series has just been commissioned -- proving their ongoing popularity. Call
0870 6063500.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2005 NewsQuest Media Group Limited

                              298 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                           February 4, 2003, Tuesday

CHUCKLE PLEA

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 38 words


THE Chuckle Brothers will be helping raise money for Cancer Research UK Cymru's
latest appeal. The charity wants people and organisations to join in its all-day
big breakfast appeal on February 19 to promote healthy eating

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Newspaper

               Copyright 2003 The Liverpool Daily Post & Echo Ltd

                              299 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                           Coventry Evening Telegraph

                             May 4, 2002, Saturday

CHUCKLES AND MAGIC NOW YOU SEE HIM: Paul Daniels

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 63 words


THE Chuckle Brothers will be appearing at the Royal Spa Centre, Newbold Terrace,
Leamington, on Sunday, May 12, at 2.30pm and 5.30pm.

They will be performing their show called The Riders of the Lost Bark.

And Paul Daniels should bring a spot of magic to town when he is at the same
venue on Thursday, May 16, from 7.45pm.

Call the box office on 01926 334418.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2002 Coventry Newspapers Limited

                              300 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Wiltshire

                                  May 18, 2001

Creepy clowning

SECTION: Whatson

LENGTH: 37 words

DATELINE: leisure


The Chuckle Brothers in Spooky Goings On with fun and laughter for all the
family is at Swindon's Wyvern Theatre on Sunday, May 20.


The show be at 2pm and 5pm. Tickets are GBP 7.50 on (01793) 524481.


LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2001 NewsQuest Media Group Limited

                              301 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                 The Spectator

                                 April 10, 2010

No laughing matter;
ARTS - Cinema

BYLINE: Deborah Ross

SECTION: Pg. 48

LENGTH: 726 words


The Infidel

15, Nationwide

I wish, wish, wish, wish, wish I had liked The Infidel better. I wanted to like
it. I longed to like it. And I did think it would be a hoot. It's written by
David Baddiel, a thoughtful, clever and witty writer (usually).

It stars Omid Djalili, who has a lovely, big, funny face and is always an
engaging physical presence. The premise is neat and brave and topical: it's
about a Muslim who discovers he is adopted and was actually born Jewish.

It sounded right up my street, as I do like to laugh at religion. Some days, I
am so busy laughing at religion I don't even have time to tie my own shoelaces,
which is why I trip up a lot. But? It's not very funny and, partway through,
it's almost as if it tires of itself, and just collapses clumsily into a heap of
tiresome cliches. It even ends with a tear jerker of a speech about how God made
us all the same underneath which, aside from anything else, is patently untrue.
I, for example, have a famously ravishing spleen.

My kidneys are ordinary enough, but my spleen? Gorgeous!

So, what do we have here exactly? Here, we have Mr Djalili playing Mahmud, a
Londoner who owns a minicab firm, and tries to be a good Muslim although not in
any fanatical way. He has a lovely wife (Archie Panjabi, somewhat underused, as
she has only ever to look perplexed), a little daughter and a son who is hoping
to marry the stepdaughter of an Islamic radical, who doesn't seem that radical,
but as one of his supporters has a hook for a hand that clinches it, I suppose.
Anyway, Mahmud is clearing out his parents' house on the death of his mother
when he stumbles across his adoption certificate and discovers he was born Solly
Shimshillewitz. He locates his birth father, who is dying in a Jewish old
people's home, but can't get near him because there is a rabbi (Matt Lucas, can
you believe) on guard and this rabbi says Mahmud has to learn about Judaism
first. Mahmud never makes any inquiries about his birth mother, which is weird,
considering Judaism is matrilineal and if she hadn't have been Jewish, we could
all have gone home, but there you are. This isn't a film which lets anything get
in the way of the story it wants to tell. It isn't even a film which lets
anything true get in the way of the story it wants to tell.

Now, what else can I tell you, while I still have the energy? OK, Mahmud hooks
up with London's only American Jewish cabbie, as played by the American actor
Robert Schiff (Toby from The West Wing; weird).

He instructs Mahmud in all things Jewish which, here, doesn't add up to much
more than dancing like Topol and mastering 'Oy' before moving on to 'Vey'
although, of course, there is a lot more to being a Jew than that, like making
gefilte fish, having a big nose and buying something in M&S one day and taking
it back the next (I live for that). I only laughed once - Omid does a beautiful
job practising his Jewish look in a mirror - and that was that.

The rest is ludicrous, particularly the plot twists, which you can see coming a
mile off, if not several miles off. Heck, you could be holidaying with the
family on the Dalmatian Coast and still see them coming. This would be fine if
the comedy was up to it, but it isn't.

Many of the jokes sound written. Others aren't jokes at all, just Mahmud
shouting:

'Jewish scum' or saying 'I'd like to give her some kosher sausage' when he sees
a nice looking Jewish lady. And when, eventually, the Matt Lucas rabbi gets too
much and Mahmud knees him in the balls the one thing you are not thinking is
this: my, this sophisticated satire is really getting to the heart of
cross-cultural conflict and the bigotry on both sides. I don't know what Baddiel
was thinking of. It's like the Chuckle brothers wrote this and not just the
Chuckle brothers on a good day, but the Chuckle brothers on an off day. When
they're both depressed. (The Chuckle brothers can't chuckle all day every day;
they, too, have their low moments. ) The Infidel just doesn't cut it as a drama,
a comedy, a satire or anything bar a rather dull cartoonish farce. Offensive?
Not sufficiently, I would say, plus it has none of the surreal silliness of a
Life of Brian, for example, or the proper bite of a Borat. In short, it fails to
bring home the bacon which, in the circumstances, is only appropriate, I guess,
but still. I had rather hoped it would.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 'Farmer Jones is back, and he's got a pin.'

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                      Copyright 2010 The Spectator Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              302 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                     Daily Echo (Newsquest Regional Press)

                           September 14, 2015 Monday

BESTIVAL: Chuckle Brothers 'overwhelmed' after heroes' welcome

BYLINE: Maxwell Kusi-Obodum

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENTS

LENGTH: 177 words


THE Chuckle Brothers were "overwhelmed" at their heroes' welcome from Bestival
crowds.

Thousands crammed into the Big Top on Saturday to catch a glimpse of Paul and
Barry.

People of all ages welcomed them - many donning masks sporting the brothers'
image and shouting hysterically as they walked on the stage in leather jackets.

They performance of their hit "to me, to you bruth" featuring Tinchy Stryder -
although the rapper - who they say grew up with their shows - was unable to join
them onstage.

They also split up the crowd to attempt a world record attempt of a "to me, to
you" game with each side of the audience taking it in turns to shout out the
first and last half of the phrase.

Speaking to the Daily Echo afterwards Paul said: "It was an overwhelming
reaction. It was superb and a great experience.

"We couldn't believe that the Big Top had filled up with thousands of people and
15 rows deep of people outside the tent. It was the largest gigs of our career."

The veteran performers said they were working on an online version of their
Chuckle Vision show.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              303 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Mirror

                           December 27, 2014 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                Northern Ireland

Chuckle Bros superfan in telly crusade

BYLINE: PAUL BYRNE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 123 words


A CHUCKLE Brothers fan who has spent more than £25,000 on their merchandise is
battling to get the pair's TV show back on air.

Shaun Hope, 43, became hooked on the comedy act after seeing a show in 2001.

He has since bought more than 500 autographs, posters and other rarities and his
spare room is a shrine to Paul and Barry Elliott.

The father of two, of Willington, Co Durham, said: "It's a bit daft, but I
really like getting new stuff to add to the collection. I don't think I'll ever
have enough."

More than 6,000 people have backed his petition for ChuckleVision's return. It
was last screened in 2007.

Barry, 70, said: "When Shaun comes to see us we always invite him backstage and
he has a cup of tea with us. He is more like a mate."

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ACT Brothers Barry and Paul

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMR


                            Copyright 2014 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              304 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                            i-Independent Print Ltd

                                February 4, 2014
                                 First Edition

Chuckle brother's surprise at DLT trial;
The News Matrix The day at a glance COURT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 47 words


One of the Chuckle Brothers told a court it was "a complete surprise" to hear
claims that DJ Dave Lee Travis indecently assaulted a stage hand at a pantomime
they were starring in. Paul Elliott, 66, said he could not recall any
inappropriate behaviour by the former Radio 1 star. PAGE 19

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: III


                    Copyright 2014 Independent Print Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              305 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (England)

                            February 4, 2014 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

CHUCKLE BROTHER: DLT IS GREAT CHAP;
Comedy duo deny seeing him grope panto girl

BYLINE: CHRIS POLLARD

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 217 words


TELLY'S Chuckle Brothers yesterday denied seeing Dave Lee Travis molest a female
panto worker - with one calling the DJ a "jolly great chap".

The other member of the slapstick duo told a court that sex allegations against
the ex-Radio 1 star had come as "a complete surprise".

The comics - Paul and Barry Elliott - appeared with Travis in Aladdin in the
early 1990s and were said to have walked past his theatre dressing room as he
was allegedly forcing his hand into a 22-year-old stage hand's trousers.

It is claimed Travis stopped when one of them said: "All right, Dave?" But the
brothers both said they had no knowledge of the alleged incident. It is claimed
Travis, 68, was widely known as a sex pest among panto cast and crew. But asked
if he recalled the DJ behaving inappropriately with women, Paul, 66, said: "No.
It's come as a complete surprise. He was very professional."

Barry, 69, said: "He was a jolly great chap to work with. If there was something
being said about Dave, I'm sure we'd have heard."

Travis shared winks and nods with them from the dock as they left court. Barry
mouthed: "You all right, pal?" Travis - real name David Griffin - denies 13
indecent assault charges and one of sexual assault dating back to 1976 at
Southwark Crown Court. The case continues.

c.pollard@the-sun.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: On trial ... Travis yesterday
Stars . . duo Barry, left, and Paul arrive

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUN


                    Copyright 2014 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved

                              306 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                Exmouth Journal

                           January 19, 2012 Thursday

Pirates of the River Rother 2

BYLINE: Dave Somerton-Rees

SECTION: ROP

LENGTH: 200 words


The Chuckle Brothers in The Return of the Pirates of the River Rother 2 Ahoy
there landlubbers!

A vast behind and prepare to splice the main brace as the boys go on a full
blown swash-buckling adventure at sea! Paul and Barry are visiting a Theme park
for the day. Once inside, they are leaning on a wall when they accidentally fall
through and find themselves magically transported back in time in to a world of
Pirates and Sunken Treasures. Magic, mystery and mayhem are guaranteed. Fun and
laughter for all the family and grandmother as well!



Tickets are priced at £14.50 or a family of four at £54 and are available at the
Exmouth Pavilion Box office on (01395) 222477 or visit the website on

www.exmouthpavilion.co.uk to book your tickets online.

The Journal has afamily ticket for this magical evening to give away. All you
have to do is answer the following question:

What are the boys first names?

Please send your answers on a postcard with your address and a daytime phone
number to:

Chuckle Competition, Features sub-editor, Archant South West, Fair Oak Close,
Exeter Airport Business Park, Clyst Honiton, Nr Exeter EX5 2UL.

Answers must be in by Friday, February 3. Editor's decision is final.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EJL


                    Copyright 2012 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              307 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                              Scunthorpe Telegraph

                                  May 14, 2011
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Don't miss the duo's latest family show...

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 128 words


TOMORROW The Chuckle Brothers will bring their latest show, Barry Potty And His
Full Blood Brother Paul in The Ghostly Shadows, to Scunthorpe's Plowright
Theatre, on Laneham Street The adventure will see Paul and Barry accidentally
transported to Pigsnorts School Of Magic, where they are thrust into battle with
the evil Lord Fonterall.

Will the duo be able to stop his evil and wicked plan to take over the school
succeeding? Ghosts, ghouls and spectacular magic can be expected from the
family-friendly show, which will be performed at 2pm and 5pm. Tickets are priced
at £13 or £50 for a family.

To book, call the box office on 01724 277733.

From December 8 they will be starring as Zip and Buttons in Cinderella at Hull
New Theatre. See www.thechucklebrothersontour.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TO ME, TO YOU: The Chuckle Brothers who are appearing at Scunthorpe's
Plowright theatre tomorrow.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SCU


                      Copyright 2011 Scunthorpe Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved

                              308 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                            i-Independent Print Ltd

                                February 1, 2011
                                 First Edition

Chuckle Brother to open school;
And in other news... EDUCATION

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 48 words


One of the Chuckle Brothers wants to open a school in his home town in South
Yorkshire. Barry Elliott, 66, right, starred alongside his brother Paul, 63, in
the popular children's TV show, Chucklevision. He hopes his son's teacher
girlfriend, Charlotte Blencowe, will be head of the school.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: III


                      Copyright 2011 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              309 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                  Evening Star

                            November 30, 2009 Monday

BYLINE: GEATES

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 323 words


Review

Chuckle Brothers

Ipswich Regent, Saturday afternoon

CHUCKLEVISION rolled into Ipswich with all the usual bits from the long-running
TV shows, plus a bit of added Christmas panto sparkle.

The Chuckle Brothers' shows -yes I've seen them before - can be divided in two:
the funny bits when Barry and Paul are on stage and the okay bits when they have
a break and leave an assortment of magicians, leggy dancers and puppets to
entertain.

It's a mix that works for the young audience, but what the grown- ups want,
apart from the leggy dancers of course, is the brothers' brand of slapstick and
toe-curlingly unfunny jokes. With their precise comic timing, even the
unfunniest gag becomes a hoot. Where is Felixstowe? On the end of his foot!

This Christmas Chuckle was based (very loosely) on Charles Dickens' A Christmas
Carol and featured Ebeneezer Paul and Barry Scratchitt (see what they've done
there?). Grumpy Paul runs a toyshop and pushes everyone around, including put
upon brother Barry, until the visitation of the odd ghost or two makes him mend
his ways.

It's a loose frame around which to hang the usual panto high jinks and festive
music including Christmas carols and pop songs.

It comes in at about 90 minutes and includes traditional singalongs, with kids
up on stage to help, plenty of audience participation, a dame and those luminous
puppet things after the interval ... which I've always wondered why people
bother with.

But what of the younger members of the audience and their views?

Emily Burgin, seven, said Barry and Paul's "granny" - a panto dame by any other
name - was the highlight, and she loved shouting "Ello!" at the boys, as we were
all expected to whenever they came on stage.

Emma Crossley, also seven, liked it when a man in the third row got a custard
pie in the face just two minutes into the show.

But as her friend Louisa Pettican pointed out: "At least he's bald - so it won't
mess up his hair!"

MARK CROSSLEY

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EST


                    Copyright 2009 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              310 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                              Liverpool Daily Echo

                            April 20, 2004, Tuesday

TIME OFF: CHUCKLE SMILE LAUGH CHORTLE;
 WHY THIS POTTY DUO WILL MAKE YOU DO ALL OF THIS ...

SECTION: First Edition; FEATURES; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 220 words


TO me, to you ... yes, the Chuckle Brothers are back in town for a spellbinding
show that's guaranteed to have fans of the bar my duo in stitches.

And even though they have disguised themselves as Barry and Paul Potty' there's
no mistaking the magic of slapstick synonymous with the pair in The Chamber Of
Horrors. Time Off isn't entirely sure what Hogwarts'most famous apprentice would
think of this Harry Potter spoof -but Chuckle Hounds will no doubt lap it up.

In this crazy stage show,Barry Potty starts arguing with brother Paul about who
is the best wizard. Chaos ensues as they try to prove their point.

However,disputes about magic wands have to be set aside as the fearless brothers
face their most terrifying challenge of all against the dark and disturbing
forces at work in The Chamber Of Horrors.

Just when was the last time they had a spring clean? You can expect magic
-though whether any of it will work is debatable -plus fun and custard pie-
throwing in this new adventure whch promises more action packed excitement than
a Quidditch match.

Barry Potter and his smarter brother Paul -together with a full supporting cast
-are in The Chamber Of Horrors at The Empire Theatre,Liverpool,on Sunday,April
25: 2pm.Tel: 0870 606 3536 (pounds 8.50, subject to an admin/booking fee).

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Newspaper

               Copyright 2004 The Liverpool Daily Post & Echo Ltd

                              311 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                            April 7, 2004, Wednesday

ART DIARY: KEY EVENTS

BYLINE: PHILIP KAY

SECTION: NW Merseyside Edition; NEWS; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 61 words


COMEDY: The Chuckle Brothers -who have the second-longest TV comedy series after
Last of the Summer Wine -return with another of their spoof comedy shows. This
is Barry Potty and his Smarter Brother Paul in The Chamber of Horrors. Expect
lots of magic, wizardry and custard pie throwing.Today, Southport Theatre, 2pm.
Tickets pounds 8.50. 0870 6077560.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Newspaper

               Copyright 2004 The Liverpool Daily Post & Echo Ltd

                              312 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                                  June 2, 2002

Thursday

BYLINE: Astle Mary-Ann (Sentinel)

SECTION: FEATURES; MUSIC; Others; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 139 words


Thursday The Chuckle Brothers in Raiders of the Lost Bark Paul and Barry travel
to Egypt to find an old statue of a dog which was left to them by a long lost
distant relative. You can expect comic capers, dodgy moustaches and slapstick
galore.

01782 213800</I> The Welsh National Opera Symphony Hall, Birmingham. The Welsh
National Opera performs eThe Cunning Little Vixen.' Sung in English, it is a
charming tale of a fox reared by a gamekeeper who manages to escape. With
substantial orchestral interludes and the predominate sound is luscious strings.

0121 780 3333</I> Fun and Games: An Evening with Robert Powell Buxton Opera
House. Robert Powell heads an evening devoted to the pursuit of pleasure. Topics
range from abseiling and blackberrying to cricket and the poetry of Dylan
Thomas.

0845 12 72190</I>

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2002 The Sentinel (Stoke)

                              313 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                South Wales Echo

                              March 9, 2015 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

BLUES: 'Chuckle Brothers' serious about [...]

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 11 words


BLUES: 'Chuckle Brothers' serious about the Arms Park job Sport pullout

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SWE


                    Copyright 2015 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              314 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (England)

                              March 8, 2015 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

A CHUCKLES Brother lookalike is [...]

BYLINE: TAM COWAN

SECTION: FEATURES; OPINION COLUMN; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 27 words


lA CHUCKLES Brother lookalike is being hunted after a supermarket raid in
London. Just to be on the safe side, let's jail the original two. Would anyone
complain?

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUN


                    Copyright 2015 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved

                              315 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                 Retford Times

                           February 5, 2015 Thursday

Chuckle fun

SECTION: AGENCY:OTHER; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 123  words


Comedy duo the Chuckle Brothers will be bringing their slapstick humour for all
the family to Retford next week.

Barry and Paul are debuting their new show, Chuckles of Oz, at the Majestic
Theatre on February 14, before embarking on a nationwide tour.

The pair play wizards in their own musical spectacular version of classic tale
The Wizard of Oz.

Chuckles of Oz promises a treat for all the family, with a matinee performance
to suit children and a unique Chuckle twist on a popular story.

The Chuckles of Oz will be at the Majestic Theatre on Saturday February 14 at
2pm.

Adult tickets are priced at £14, with a family ticket for two adults and two
children £52.

For more details or to book contact the Majestic box office on 01777 706866.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Chuckle Brothers are coming to the Majestic Theatre
Chuckles of Oz promises to be a spectacular family show

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved

                              316 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                 Weston Midweek

                          December 31, 2014 Wednesday

Chuckles at the Playhouse

BYLINE: Matthew Wilson

SECTION: LEIS

LENGTH: 116 words


CHILDREN'S favourites The Chuckle Brothers are coming to the Playhouse with
their latest hilarious production.

The renowned double act, who have toured the country with their off-the-wall
shows for more than 40 years, are back in Weston on May 17 with their latest
take on an old classic, The Chuckles Of Oz.



The Chuckle Brothers have enjoyed decades of huge critical and audience acclaim
throughout the raft of stage shows they have put together around the country.

The undisputed kings of family-fun comedy in the UK, they are regularly joined
by real-life siblings Jimmy and Brian Patton.

Tickets, priced £15.50, are available from the box office on 01934 645544 or
online via www.theplayhouse.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WAD


                    Copyright 2014 Archant Regional Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              317 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                  The Northern Echo (Newsquest Regional Press)

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday

The Chuckle Brothers are back - oh yes they are!

BYLINE: Alexa Copeland

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 122 words


COMEDY duo the Chuckle Brothers are returning to Darlington Civic Theatre to
star in the 2014 panto The Chuckles of Oz.

The pair, who delighted audiences last year with their 'to me to you' turns in
Aladdin, will play the wizards in a new version of the much-loved Wizard of Oz
tale.

Paul and Barry will be joined by Durham actress Beth Stobbart, a regular leading
lady for the Darlington Operatic Society who starred as Princess Jasmine in her
first panto role last year.

Audiences can also expect to see familiar characters including the Tin Man.
Cowardly Lion and Scarecrow as they make their way to The Emerald City.

The panto will run from December 6, 2014 until January 11, 2015 and tickets cost
from £18, with discounts available.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              318 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                  The Northern Echo (Newsquest Regional Press)

                            December 23, 2013 Monday

Chuckle Brothers step up as guest editors of The Northern Echo

BYLINE: Vicki Henderson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 229 words


TELEVISION favourites the Chuckle Brothers said they were "honoured and excited"
to be asked to guest edit The Northern Echo.

Following in the footsteps of the Archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby, and
Dragons' Den star Duncan Bannatyne, Barry and Paul Chuckle led the daily news
conference to decide the best stories for tomorrow's (December 24) edition.

Keen to see a positive story on the front page on Christmas Eve, the pair chose
to celebrate the success of the Darlington Salvation Army Toy Appeal, which has
collected Christmas gifts for 400 children and teenagers.

The news conference started with a cake for Barry, who will celebrate his
birthday tomorrow (December 24), before the sport and business editors outlined
their chosen stories for the day.

The brothers, who are starring in the pantomime at Darlington Civic Theatre,
were also asked to choose their favourite image for the front page, before the
most important job of the day - picking the winning joke in the Echo's Christmas
competition.

Paul Chuckle said he and his brother had never been asked to guest edit a
newspaper before and added: "We can put it on our CV now. It wasn't what I
expected, everyone was very nice - it's not like it is in the films."

Barry Chuckle said: "We always enjoy coming to Darlington - it's been 12 years
since we were last here for the panto. Darlington audiences are great."

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              319 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                            November 22, 2013 Friday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

It's the Chuckle Brothers: Part Deux

BYLINE: MICHAEL McHUGH

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 168 words


THE term Chuckle Brothers was originally applied to Martin McGuinness and former
DUP leader Ian Paisley, but yesterday President Michael D Higgins seemed to have
no difficulty in finding the old fire-brand's funny bone.

Mr Higgins was attending a reception at Belfast City Hall to mark St Columbanus
Day. Lord Bannside, as Dr Paisley is now formally known, appeared to have had a
warm meeting.

In his address on the North's troubled past, Mr Higgins said the memories of
victims must be valued through fitting memorials and measures to bring the
communities together.

Referring to the peace efforts of former US diplomat Dr Richard Haass, Mr
Higgins said: "Whatever mechanisms are ultimately agreed upon for this task, the
overall needs of a flourishing and shared society must be at their heart and the
memory of victims must appropriately be reflected and cherished in thoughtful
memorials and initiatives that bring communities together, so that we all learn
from the terrible failures of the past."

MICHAEL McHUGH

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: President Michael D Higgins (left) shares a joke with Ian Paisley,
former First Minister of Northern Ireland, during a reception at Belfast City
Hall to mark St Columbanus Day. PAUL FAITH/PA WIRE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              320 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                            MAIL ON SUNDAY (London)

                            January 30, 2011 Sunday

CHUCKLE BROTHER BARRY TO OPEN FREE SCHOOL

LENGTH: 137 words


ONE of TV's Chuckle Brothers is setting up a 'free school' in the unlikeliest
twist to David Cameron's education revolution.

Barry Elliott, 66, who stars in Chucklevision on CBBC with brother Paul, 63, is
to open the secondary school next year in the comics' home town of Rotherham.
His son's partner Charlotte Blencowe, 30, will be the head of Rotherham Central
Free School.

Barry, one of 240 bidders nationwide hoping to set up free schools, said: 'I am
delighted to be involved in something that raises standards.'

Ms Blencowe said: 'Barry will be holding workshops for the pupils, talking about
his career and life.

'We want to encourage a business ethos and here is someone from Rotherham whose
success has lasted a lifetime.'

Free schools are taxpayer-funded but heads, not the local council, control
budgets and curriculums.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2011 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              321 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                               Swindon Advertiser

                             May 28, 2009 Thursday

Review of Chuckle Brothers at Swindon's Wyvern Theatre

SECTION: REVIEWS (SWINDON LEISURE THEATREANDARTS REVIEWS)

LENGTH: 212 words


The famous "To Me To You" Chuckle Brothers brought us another zany performance
in Chuckle Trek, The Lost Generation.

The brothers were recruited by Captain James T Burke to go on board the USS
Exercise to save the earth from being taken over by a nation of rogue robots.

Of course they do but not without causing the usual Chuckle havoc with plenty of
antics along the way, involving a lot of water and custard pies. Once in space
Barry and Paul take on the bad Dark Waders and the robots (based very loosely on
Star Wars). It was a funny slap-stick comedy routine that involved bunk beds and
aliens haunting the brothers while they were asleep. The were also machines that
made custard pies that had the audience in fits of laughter, mainly because of
the mess that landed on the first three rows.

The Magic Light Theatre Company put on an unusual puppet act performed in the
dark, while award winning magician Safire performed some clever illusion tricks.

Yes it contains the usual "No Slacking" and "To You To Me" but for children's
entertainment that has been pleasing audiences of all ages for more than 20
years, you can't help but love 'em.

It was a great afternoon at the theatre and those hilarious Chuckle sketches are
always worth a gold star in my book.

- Pauline COle

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              322 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                              May 25, 2007, Friday
                                 First Edition

2The Chuckle Brothers

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 31 words


Join the Chuckle Brothers - aka Paul and Barry - in this show called Spooky
Goings On which is bound to be filled with plenty of slapstick comedy that will
be enjoyed by children everywhere.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              323 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                            Scarborough Evening News

                                February 6, 2007

Chuckle Brothers drop in

LENGTH: 71  words


CHILDREN'S favourites the Chuckle Brothers have revealed they turned down TV's
Celebrity Big Brother. But Paul and Barry will be in Scarborough to kick off
their new UK tour with Spooky Goings On 2 at the Futurist Theatre on Saturday at
2pm. Barry, 62, said: "You would be hard pushed to find a better seaside town
anywhere in the country." A small number of tickets are still available.
Interview in the Evening News tomorrow.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              324 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                The Bristol Post

                            February 27, 2006 Monday

Chuckle brothers were on top form

SECTION: Pg. 34

LENGTH: 431 words


Last Sunday morning I was enjoying a cup of coffee at a leisure centre in Ashton
when I noticed two familiar faces - Andy Rich and Julian (Judd) Lucas walking
towards me.

Affectionately nicknamed the Chuckle Brothers, they greeted me with sweat
pouring from their faces and puffy red cheeks. In fact,  they were looking
exactly the same as they do when I normally come across them in a pub!

Although they both played football locally, those days are long past, so they
decided to join the leisure and fitness club to get back into some sort of
shape.

Between them they explained to me that they were participating in some oriental
type of workout.

I wrongly assumed, judging by the size of both of them, that it was a sumo
wrestling class.

Andy was quick to point out that I was probably confusing him with his younger
brother Paul - who was a very useful Sumo fighter until, unfortunately, he
became too large! They have actually both enrolled in a martial arts class known
as Tai Chi.

I have never heard of it, but from what I can gather this form of martial arts
aim is to release hidden energy.

Looking at them both standing in their track suits you could be forgiven for
thinking that it's not only energy hidden beneath them - sofas for one also
sprung to mind!

Personally, I think they should both be applauded for at least attempting
something different which obviously benefits your health.

I did note, though, that they had both left by 11.30am enabling them to get to
the pub bang on opening time.

Following their lead, I asked at the reception desk if I could enrol in an
origami class. Unfortunately, I was informed that it had folded!

I played alongside Andy very early in my career, at the now defunct Sunday
morning team Towns Talk.

He was a talented striker and scored goals for fun.

He, in fact, held the Somerset Premier League record for most goals scored
during a season when, back in 1982, he netted 54 times.

It would be interesting to know if that record still stands.

Judd, who spent most of his footballing days  at Hartcliffe Boys Club, is also
the proud holder of a record.

He apparently sold the most raffle tickets ever for a meat draw, one Sunday
lunch hour!

I have to be careful in what I say about Judd because I know he's been feeling
under the weather recently.

He has spent a lot of time lately slumped in front of the TV with just a remote
control for company.

A friend of his compared him to the TV character from EastEnders, Keith Miller.

However, Andy has also been likened to a character from my TV screen.

The problem I have is knowing which Teletubby he most resembles!

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Bristol United Press
                              All Rights Reserved

                              325 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            South Wales Evening Post

                                  May 20, 2005

Oh brother - it's time for a laugh!

SECTION: Features; Arts; Performingarts; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 417 words


The phenomenally successful Chuckle Brothers bring fun for all the family to
Swansea Grand Theatre tomorrow with two performances of their latest show.
Pirates of the River Rother is a typically swashbuckling adventure of fun,
mayhem and gallons of water, which enables Paul and Barry to give full rein to
their clowning skills as well as celebrate a bit of their home town of
Rotherham.

It's where it all began for the real-life brothers Elliot, youngest in a showbiz
family of eight where entertainment was a way of life.

''The family legacy of entertaining was always a major part of our lives,'' said
the brothers.

''We waited home at nights for stories of how that evening's show went when we
were kids, and finally rehearsed and joined the family act, eventually as a
four-piece with our older brothers Brian and Jimmy.

''They are now in our show, as they are The Patton Brothers. The kids know them
as No Slacking and Get Out Of It.'' They have worked in practically every field
of entertainment from pantomime, summer season, clubs, cabaret, television,
touring revues, circus and even an ice show, and made many one-off appearances,
and even won New Faces, on the original series back in 1974.

''We had developed The Chuckle Hounds, which became a TV series for BBC1. We
also performed in Blackpool Tower Circus and pantomimes, so it felt natural to
entertain family audiences and children,'' said Paul and Barry.

In 1985 they finally got their big break with the BBC, recording 13 episodes
with those two loveable canine characters The Chuckle Hounds for children's TV.
The series is still shown throughout the world, and is enjoyed by millions.

In 1987, Chucklevision came to our screens - and the 15th series has just been
re-commissioned. Although it is transmitted during children's viewing hours, the
boys aim the humour and story-lines at everyone - from two to 92-year-olds.

As the brothers maintain: ''Funny is funny!'' And the fan letters come from
tots, teenagers, mums, dads and grannies. Chucklevision regularly pulls in over
three million viewers, and is screened 30 weeks a year.

They will be bringing the madcap style of their TV success to Swansea in their
latest show along with their catchphrases of ''Oh dear, oh dear'' and ''To me to
you''.

''As ever, it will be crazy, slapstick humour and a lot of fun. Bring a raincoat
if you're sat near the front,'' they warn.

Catch the show at 2pm or 5pm tomorrow. Tickets are available on 01792 475715.


LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 2005 South Wales Evening Post

                              326 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                           Coventry Evening Telegraph

                             May 11, 2002, Saturday

TV COMICS' FAMILY FUN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 60 words


TV COMICS The Chuckle Brothers bring their show Raiders of the Lost Bark to
Leamington tomorrow.

The stars, from BBC1's Chucklevision, will be appearing at The Royal Spa Centre,
in Newbold Terrace, for the shows at 2.30pm and 5.30pm.

Tickets are pounds 8, and pounds 6.50 for children.

For more details phone the box office on 01926 334418.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2002 Coventry Newspapers Limited

                              327 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            Daily Post (North Wales)

                             March 22, 2002, Friday

CHUCKLE BROTHERS KEEPING UP THE FAMILY TRADITION

BYLINE: Penny Fray

SECTION: ARTS; Pg. 30,31

LENGTH: 476 words


IN the fickle world of television, children's programmes come and go like buses.
But ChuckleVision has proved to be one of the BBCs most enduring comedies.

First broadcast in 1987, the show is still running after more than 140 episodes
and feature the misadventures of Paul and Barry Chuckle - a pair of well
-meaning brothers whose enthusiasm is matched only by their incompetence.

Now, they are taking their talent on to the stage in the form of a tour called
Raiders of the Lost Bark, which will be arriving at the North Wales Theatre in
Llandudno on March 25.

"It's all about Paul and I inadvertently getting roped into searching for long
-lost artifacts with the 'eminent' archaeologist Indiana Slacking, " explains
Barry. "But we end up getting lost in the tombs of Cairo with disastrous
results.

"Each year, when we go on our nation-wide tour, we first of all think of a title
and then build a story round it with sketches and gags for the whole family,
rather like pantomime. With films such as Tomb Raider around, we came up with
the title of Raiders Of The Lost Bark."

Fans of the comic duo will be relieved to hear that the show will follow the
same formula of slap-stick jokes and crazy antics seen on screen.

"The only way it differs from our BBC show is that the gags and sketches have to
be broader and larger than life to get all the laughter we want, " reveals
Barry.

Making people giggle is a natural talent for the Rotherham born brothers in that
they have been bought up in a showbiz environment. Their father was comedian
Gene Patton and two of their brothers - Brian and Jimmy, are also in the
business, known as The Patton Brothers.

Jimmy occasionally pops up in Chucklevision as the characters Mr No-Slacking -
the Chucks' boss.

They have another brother called Colin.

But he turned out to be the black sheep of the family by getting an ordinary job
as a Ford service manager, while their sister Sheila, married Bill Waddington,
otherwise known as Coronation Street's Percy Sugden.

"We always intended to go into showbiz because it was the family business. It
was all we ever knew when we were kids, " explains Barry.

"Our dad was brilliant and a great comedian in his day. But like all good
comedians he wasn't always cracking jokes. It would be like asking a Plumber to
come home and start mending pipes.

Nonetheless, we used to have some great holidays when we were kids, going and
staying with dad when he was in summer season at some holiday resort."

They believe that following their father's old-fashioned form of humour is the
secret of their success.

"It lets everybody have a good laugh and never offends anyone, " he
concludes."This is a tried and tested form of visual humour and the rapport
between Paul and myself is something lots of people can identify with."

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: STILL LAUGHING: The Chuckle Brothers, on TV since 1987

               Copyright 2002 The Liverpool Daily Post & Echo Ltd

                              328 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                 Bath Chronicle

                                 April 11, 2001

Chuckles for kids;
 Bath Time: Theatre

SECTION: Features, Pg.30

LENGTH: 54 words


TV'S famous Chuckle Brothers appear for one performance only in Spooky Goings On
at the Bristol Hippodrome next Tuesday at 2pm.

The brothers were a big hit on the original TV series New Faces back in 1974 and
have since gone from strength to strength. The brothers' humour is aimed at
anyone from two years to 92.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                      Copyright 2001 Bristol United Press

                              329 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            Nottingham Evening Post

                                January 6, 2001

Brothers' stage guide

SECTION: News, Pg.9

LENGTH: 148 words


PANTO stars The Chuckle Brothers are to meet the stars of a Nottingham Scouts
and Guides show.

The double act, currently staring in the Theatre Royal panto Jack and the
Beanstalk, will meet up with the youngsters on Tuesday.

The children, who all feature in the Nottingham Scout and Guide Gang Show, will
meet the Chucklevision TV stars at the theatre.

The event will give the young hopefuls the opportunity to talk to the stars
about life on the stage.

The meeting was set up by theatre managers after the Scouts and Guides rehearsed
at the Theatre Royal for their own production. They will tread the boards at the
theatre from March 19 to 24, when the Nottingham Gang Show will celebrate its
50th year.

Scout spokesman Stewart Howells said 350 Scouts and Guides are rehearsing for
their show, which is the only amateur production to support a week-long run at
the theatre.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

                     Copyright 2001 Nottingham Evening Post

                              330 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            Nottingham Evening Post

                                December 8, 2000

panto stars come down to the stalls FOR a seasonal reason

SECTION: News, Pg.27

LENGTH: 134 words


CRAFTY CHRISTMAS: The Chuckle Brothers, Barry and Paul, have opened Nottingham's
traditional Christmas craft and gift market in the Old Market Square.

The children's TV favourites are the stars of this year's pantomime Jack and the
Beanstalk at the Theatre Royal.

Now in its seventh year, the market has 60 stalls, which change regularly,
selling high-quality items. There is also family entertainment, fairground rides
and good food.

This year there is a big prize draw, with chance to win a balloon flight for
two, a GBP 200 holiday voucher or GBP 100 cash.

The market will be open daily until December 23, from 9.30am to 5.30pm Monday to
Saturday with late opening on Wednesdays until 8pm. It also opens on Sundays
between 10.30am to 4.30pm.

POSTPHOTO 2K8772/6

PICTURE: ANDREW HALLSWORTH

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                     Copyright 2000 Nottingham Evening Post

                              331 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                           Coventry Evening Telegraph

                           January 25, 2000, Tuesday

STAND BY FOR CHUCKLES!

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 54 words


CHILDREN'S favourites The Chuckle Brothers (left) will be entertaining
youngsters in Leamington next month.

TV comics Paul and Barry Chuckle (real name Elliott) are staging their new
adventures in the Spa Centre, on February 19.

Shows will be held at 2.30pm and 5.30pm. Call 01926 334418 for more details.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2000 Coventry Newspapers Limited

                              332 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                               Lincolnshire Echo

                             July 30, 2015 Thursday

Monday and Tuesday

SECTION: NEWS:OTHER; Pg. 40-41

LENGTH: 222  words


The Chuckle Brothers will visit Skegness Embassy with their touring show for
little ones, The Chuckles of Oz next Tuesday.

Dorothy, the Tin Man, Cowardly Lion and the Scarecrow are among the familiar
characters who join the Wizards (Paul and Barry) for the familiar story.

This family fun show includes audience participation and laughs for all ages.

(August 4, 7pm. Tickets: £15.50 (Family £53.50). Box office: 01507 613100).

During August, Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Thursdays are all about outdoor games at
Lincoln Castle.

Join in on August 4, 5 & 6 (as well as August 18, 19 & 20) with summer games for
letting off steam with castle-themed outside fun for all ages.

(10am-4pm each day. Suitable for all ages. £1 per activity, no need to book.
Free for castle ticket holders.)

All this week the fun continues at Frampton Marsh with pond dipping, treasure
trails, mini monsters bug hunting, summer strolls and even a big wild sleepout.

On Tuesday it will be the turn of pond dipping where little ones can discover
what lurks in the world of watery wildlife.

Find out what lives in the venue's pond, guided by an expert.

(Suitable for ages 5+. Booking essential. Join in at 10.30am, 11.30am, 1pm, 2pm,
3pm. £3 per child).

Activities vary each day at the nature reserve so check out the programme at
www.rspb.org.uk or call 01205 724678.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Legendary comedy duo the Chuckle Brothers are on their way to Skegness
Embassy.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved

                              333 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                Nottingham Post

                               May 5, 2014 Monday

Chuckle Brothers in Space Oddity

SECTION: AGENCY:OTHER; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 72  words


CHILDREN'S TV favourites The Chuckle Brothers have announced dates for their
newest Notts show.

Paul and Barry  will be landing at  Mansfield's Palace Theatre later this month
for the Space Oddity 2014 tour,  an adventure where the pair zoom out into the
Milky Way.

The show takes place on Sunday, May 18.  Tickets are £14.35  or and £53.30  for
a family of four. To book, call 01623 633133 or visit
www.mansfield.gov.uk/palacetheatre.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved

                              334 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                  Crawley News

                                 April 4, 2012

The chuckle brothers hit the high seas

SECTION: Pg. 29

LENGTH: 168  words


Children's television favourites The Chuckle Brothers are back in Crawley next
month with their latest swashbuckling show.

Inspired by the film series starring Johnny Depp and Keira Knightley, it is
called The Return of the Pirates of the River Rother 2 - In Stranger Tights.

They are regulars in the town, having performed here last year in a show which
gave their take on the Harry Potter franchise.

Their latest national tour promises the kind of slapstick humour real-life
brothers Barry and Paul Chuckle, whose surname is actually Elliott, have
delivered for more than 20 years on kids' TV show ChuckleVision.

In their latest adventure, which comes to The Hawth on May 5 at 2pm,  Paul and
Barry visit a theme park and brave one of its hair-raising water rides.

They find themselves magically transported into a world of pirates and sunken
treasure.

Mishaps galore are promised in a show that aims to amuse all the family.

Tickets, which cost £14 or £52 for a family of four, can be bought by calling
01293 553636.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 298


                           Copyright 2012 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved

                              335 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                           December 3, 2011 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

'Me and Ash were always Villa playing jokes on our Villa team-mates';
EXCLUSIVE SATURDAY STAR TURN says GABBY AGBONLAHOR

BYLINE: DAVE ARMITAGE

SECTION: SERIOUSLY FOOTBALL;SPORT; Pg. 2,3

LENGTH: 600 words


THE CHUCKLE Brothers are back together today - hoping for another big reunion at
Euro 2012.

Ashley Young and Gabby Agbonlahor have had to settle for terrorising team-mates
in different dressing rooms these past few months.

But the pair of them will be hoping they can get their double act together again
with England in the summer.

Young and Agbonlahor were inseparable as they caused havoc with their own brand
of mischief around Villa Park.

Senior pros dubbed them 'the Chuckle Brothers' because of their non-stop pranks
and the sound of their laughter around the place.

Young's £18m summer switch to Manchester United split them up - but he returns
today hoping he's the one with the biggest grin.

Happy

The United winger has established himself as an England star since his big-money
switch to Old Trafford and now his old mate is hoping to do the same.

Sir Alex Ferguson's champions visit Villa Park with Young not likely to get the
best of receptions from the fans who once idolised him.

But Agbonlahor will be happy to see his big buddy and says behind all the joking
there's a serious side to both of the young guns.

Agbonlahor said: "We were always laughing and joking and playing jokes on
team-mates, having banter.

"It was just fun. But there has to be a serious side, too, or you would never be
able to achieve anything as a player in the Premier League and when it came to
working Ash was on the training ground every day, always working hard. He was
determined to make the most of his talent and he was a fantastic player for
Aston Villa.

"It was an opportunity he couldn't turn down when he got the chance to move to
Manchester United.

"He's settled in there quickly and that's just his personality, he gets on with
people and he's very focused on what he wants to do in his career."

He added: "Ash was really good for Villa and we had some laughs together and
shared some memorable times. He was fun in the dressing room and a good
team-mate."

Local lad Agbonlahor has no plans to follow in Young's footsteps and move away.

The striker added: "For me, it's different. I grew up in Birmingham. I'm a local
lad. We supported Villa as a family and Villa has always been my team.

"I am enjoying my football. I've been here 12 years and I really do enjoy it
here.

"Last season was tough, but I got through it and this season has been better.

"If I'm playing somewhere and I'm enjoying the football and playing regularly,
why would you want to leave and risk not playing at some other club?

Perfect

"Villa is the perfect club for me. This is home. I have family and friends all
around me and I feel like it's the place for me, no question."

Even though he's only 25, Agbonlahor is currently the club's longest-serving
player - having joined up when he was 13.

He adds: "I just want to keep on playing for Villa. You look at Steven Gerrard
at Liverpool and you can't see him playing anywhere else.

"Well that's the same for me. I can't see myself playing at any other club
because this is the club I love and I'm really happy here."

Now the Villa 'veteran' hopes to see the season out in style and book his seat
on England's summer plane - next to his pal Ash.

He added: "Getting back in the international set-up was a very big deal for me.
As a player, you want to be going to the major tournaments and hopefully that's
what will happen to me."

GABBY AGBONLAHOR and Aston Villa will be warming up for today's game wearing
Saving Lives T-shirts. Saving Lives is a charity helping to raise awareness of
the risks of HIV and the importance of testing to limit its spread. For further
information visit www.savinglivesuk.com

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: THE GIFT OF THE GAB: Pals Young (left) and Agbonlahor celebrate a Villa
goal

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DST


                       Copyright 2011 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              336 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Mirror

                            January 31, 2011 Monday
                                 1 Star Edition

YOU'RE JOKING..;
CHUCKLE BRO BACKS &#X27;FREE&#X27; SCHOOL WITH SON&#X27;S PARTNER AS THE HEAD

BYLINE: TOM MCTAGUE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 211 words


ONE of the Chuckle Brothers wants to use taxpayers' money to open a school, with
his son's Tory partner as head.

Barry Elliott, 66, who stars in Chucklevision alongside his brother Paul, 63,
hopes to set up the 'free' secondary in South Yorkshire where he grew up.

His son's teacher girlfriend Charlotte Blencowe, 30, would be the head of the
Rotherham Central Free School.

Elliott is one of 240 bidders hoping to set up free schools across the country.

The so-called free schools are hugely controversial, Conservative Education
Secretary Michael Gove stripping local authorities of any control. Ms Blencowe,
a former Tory council candidate, J has caused controversy with a series of
outspoken comments on Twitter.

She wrote: "Bloody sports day, I think I'd rather poke my eyes out with a hair
grip!" She also enraged voters in South Yorkshire by saying the area was
"horrid".

In misspelled, badly-punctuated language she added: "Wheres the life, wheres the
culture, i keep forgetting where i live." She also said: "Swine flu in Sheffield
f***ing great!"

The Mirror revealed how bankers using public cash to open a South London free
school will bar children from a council school.

And in West London a building earmarked for disabled kids could be handed to
wealthy parents.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PLANS Charlotte Blencowe NEW TERMS Barry Elliott

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2011 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              337 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                               Daily Star Sunday

                                 July 11, 2010
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Chuckle Brothers' £85k jungle offer

BYLINE: MICHAEL BOOKER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 176 words


CHILDREN'S telly favourites The Chuckle Brothers have been made an £85,000 offer
to sign up for I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here!

The brothers, Barry and Paul Elliot, who are famous for their "To me, to you"
catchphrase, have been on the reserve list for the show in previous series.

But this year they are in pole position for starring roles in the Australian
rainforest.

Rotherham-based Barry, 65, and Paul, 62, are now mulling over the offer,
discussing whether they can fit the ITV smash show into their hectic touring and
pantomime schedule. A source said: "They have been the nearly men of I'm A Celeb
for a few years in case anyone else drops out.

"However, the producers now think their time is right.

"The only problem is the fellas think they may be too busy to appear.

"They get offers of work all the time, so they are not like a lot of celebs who
actually are desperate for TV or theatre jobs.

"These two are in demand but they would like to head Down Under to do it - for a
laugh more than anything."

The show is set to return to ITV1 in the autumn.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DSS


                       Copyright 2010 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              338 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Mirror

                            June 11, 2008 Wednesday
                                 Ulster Edition

LAST LAUGH AT CHUCKLE BROTHERS

BYLINE: MAURICE FITZMAURICE

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 199 words


THE Chuckle Brothers really are pals - and there's scientific evidence to prove
it.

BBC show The Honeymooners was a fascinating insight into a relationship that has
taken the world (well our wee corner of it) by surprise.

Ever since Channel 4 rolled out behavioural analysts to explain what was going
on in the Big Brother house, we've all been enthralled by their ability to make
sense of people's body language.

And Dr Peter Collett, an expert in behavioural psychology, made a few
observations about Paisley and McGuinness.

He found the pair are "on the same wavelength" and there is lots of "evidence of
intimacy".

McGuinness even acts as a guard, fending off advances against Paisley with
significant hand movements.

Their relationship is such that they have perfect "synchrony" which was
illustrated by the pair starting and finishing sentences.

The unanswered question, though, was is this relationship based on friendship or
protecting the current arrangement?

Mind you, I'm sure there are a few ruffled feathers at DUP HQ after the good
doctor described party officials trying to protect their leader as "lower
ranking males in a chimpanzee colony".

Who says there's no monkey business in politics?

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2008 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              339 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                            Lancashire Evening Post

                                  May 20, 2008

Chuckle Brothers ride into Preston

LENGTH: 61 words


Children's comedy duo The Chuckle Brothers are set to ride into Preston.

Paul and Barry are starring in spoof adventure Indiana Chuckles and the Kingdom
of Mythical Sulk at the Guild Hall on Saturday May 31.

Tickets, costing £12 for adults and £11 for children, are available by phoning
0845 344 2012.

Family and group tickets are also on sale.

>> Vote in our latest web poll

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              340 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                             March 18, 2008 Tuesday

Chuckle brothers grin and bear it

SECTION: SPORT; Golf

LENGTH: 201 words


BART and Brad Bryant were the 'Chuckle Brothers' of golf on Sunday despite
narrowly missing out on a spectacular family double.

The Texas duo were pipped in a daring bid for Tour victory on either side of the
North American Continent.

Bart, 45, actually laughed at the audacious 24-foot birdie putt which Tiger
Woods sank at Bay Hill's final hole to beat him by one stroke in the Arnold
Palmer Invitational.

"You know, it didn't surprise me one bit but you've still got to chuckle,"
admitted Bart. "Anything Tiger does anymore doesn't surprise me."

Naturally, he was disappointed not to make it to extra time like brother Brad at
the AT&T Champions Tour Classic at Valencia Country Club.

Yet after losing to Denis Watson in a three-man playoff, Brad, 53, put his
'little' brother's achievement in its true context. "When you finish one behind
Tiger, you're going to win a lot of money," he said. "Playing well down the
stretch will do a lot for his confidence the rest of the season," said Brad.

Bart banked $626,400 in Florida, while Brad earned $128,000 in California. A tie
for 55th on nine-over after a closing 76 in Valencia yielded just $3,360 for Des
Smyth, now 60th in the Champions Tour Money List.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              341 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                              The Star (Sheffield)

                               September 10, 2007

Chuckle Brothers back bid

LENGTH: 150 words


POPULAR comedy duo the Chuckle Brothers have backed an appeal to help buy a
vital new intensive care ambulance for South Yorkshire children.

The Rotherham family entertainers are urging people to support the Sheffield
Children's Hospital appeal.

The hospital's intensive care vehicle Bear 1 is a decade old and the hospital is
trying to raise £120,000 for a new specialist ambulance, which will be called
Bear 2.

The ambulance is used to transfer critically ill children from all over South
Yorkshire, north Derbyshire and north Lincolnshire to hospital.

But a new vehicle including the latest equipment to provide the smoothest
possible journey for patients is now needed.

The service is led by a consultant and involves a team of highly trained
professional who go on the road with the ambulance to manage the safe transfer
of patients.

nSee Thursday's Star for an important announcement about the appeal.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              342 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                The Bristol Post

                             March 2, 2006 Thursday

A fun journey with the chuckle brothers

SECTION: Pg. 224

LENGTH: 141 words


The Chuckle Brothers are back in a brand-new adventure for 2006.

Children's favourites, Paul and Barry Chuckle, will be embarking on a national
tour of their new show - Doctor What And The Return Of The Garlics!

The boys set off on a galactic trip thinking it is nothing more than an unusual
holiday and end up on another amazing adventure fighting for good against evil -
but stopping along the way for egg and chips and a cup of tea.

Doctor What follows the hugely successful tour of Pirates Of The River Rotha,
which broke all previous box office records last year.

Bring the whole family along to see another madcap show with Britain's favourite
double act.

Doctor What And The Return Of The Garlics! is at the Bristol Hippodrome on
Monday, March 6 at 6pm. Ticket prices range from £10 to £12 and are available
from the box office - call 0870 607 7500.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Bristol United Press
                              All Rights Reserved

                              343 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                               Swindon Advertiser

                             April 13, 2015 Monday

Chuckle Brothers walk yellow brick road at Wyvern

BYLINE: Michael Benke

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 172 words


LEGENDARY children's TV entertainers the Chuckle Brothers were back in Swindon
on Saturday afternoon to entertain children with their new show.

Barry and Paul Chuckle, who starred in Chucklevision for more than 20 years,
were performing their latest show, Chuckles Of Oz, in front of hundreds of
enthusiastic families.

The show tells the story of the Wizard Of Oz and they have put their unique spin
on the famous tale.

"We have a Dorothy, a scarecrow, a tin man, a lion, the Wicked Witch Of The
West, Toto and me and Barry," said Paul.

"It's a full cast who are all very good. The tour has been going great.

"We have been doing stage work for 50 years.

"We started as a double act in 1963. Nothing beats a live audience."

Saturday was not the first time the duo have performed in Swindon together.

In the past they have sold out the Wyvern theatre several times over.

Barry said: "We have been to Swindon quite a few times and the audience has
always been very good.

"In the past we have been able to sell out the two shows in a single day."

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              344 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (England)

                          December 24, 2014 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                Northern Ireland

@kjdemaria The Chuckle Brothers on [...]

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 28,29

LENGTH: 73 words


@kjdemaria The Chuckle Brothers on Pointless Celebrities - how incredibly apt
@leeboardman Just wept like a baby watching Tsunami: Survivors' Stories
@BeeRummie Derek Christmas Special - not sure if I'll watch anything better this
Yuletide @Reubes @simonwebbe1 on John Bishop's Christmas Show with the best
dance routine he's done this year @stevepenk Ken Dodd on Celebrity Mastermind -
excellent. You never see Doddy as a guest on any show

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUN


                    Copyright 2014 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved

                              345 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                  The Northern Echo (Newsquest Regional Press)

                           November 25, 2014 Tuesday

Chuckle Brothers begin rehearsing for Darlington panto

BYLINE: Vicki Henderson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 233 words


LEGENDARY children's television stars the Chuckle Brothers have returned to
Darlington as rehearsals begin for this year's pantomime.

The brothers, who took to the stage for last year's production of Aladdin, will
be joined by cast at the Darlington Civic Theatre in The Chuckles of Oz, a
typically irreverent take on the beloved children's classic.

Cast members Phil Corbitt, Danny Potts and Beth Stobbart, who play the Cowardly
Lion, the Tin Man and Glinda the Good Witch respectively, shared the stage with
the Chuckles in Aladdin last year, so there should already be a familiar
chemistry within the cast.

Adam C Booth returns to the Civic as The Scarecrow, having played Buttons in a
production of Cinderella.

It has been a busy year for the Chuckles since Aladdin wrapped in January;
making appearances on shows such as Celebrity Juice, garnered a cult following
on social media, and last month even released 'To Me To You (Bruv)' - a grime
single with rapper Tinchy Stryder that currently has more than two million views
on Youtube.

The Chuckles of Oz, however, sees the brothers in more familiar surroundings -
as well as last year's panto, they have toured the UK extensively with their own
stage shows.

The Chuckles of Oz runs at Darlington Civic Theatre from Saturday, December 6
until Sunday, January 11. Tickets are available from the box office on
01325-486555 or online at darlingtoncivic.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              346 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                Sunderland Echo

                             August 1, 2014 Friday

To me, to you - Chuckle Brothers to visit Sunderland

LENGTH: 96  words


FANS of TV comedy duo The Chuckle Brothers can meet the pair when they visit
Sunderland next week.

Paul and Barry are in the city to sign copies of their autobiography, entitled
"Fifty Years of To Me... To You," as they celebrate five decades in show
business.

The brothers - whose real surname is Elliott - will be at WH Smith in Market
Square, Sunderland at 3pm on Saturday August 9.

The book, written by Paul, charts the brothers' upbringing in Rotherham, their
early days in show business and the big breakthrough with saw them becoming
household names in TV's ChuckleVision.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NPSE


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              347 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                            February 4, 2014 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

Chuckle Brothers stand up for 'Jolly great chap' Travis

BYLINE: David Brown

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 399 words


Two children's entertainers known as the Chuckle Brothers told a court yesterday
that they would have known if female colleagues needed a chaperone to protect
them from Dave Lee Travis during a pantomime in which they were all appearing.

Paul and Barry Elliott starred alongside the BBC presenter in a production of
Aladdin in the early 1990s, Southwark Crown Court was told.

Mr Travis, who was playing "evil" Uncle Abanazar, is accused of indecently
assaulting a female stage hand in his theatre dressing room.

The woman, who was 21 at the time, previously told the court that Mr Travis put
his hand down her trousers and that her ordeal ended when they were interrupted
by one of the brothers walking past in the corridor.

Paul Elliott, 66, told the court that he could not recall any inappropriate
behaviour by the former BBC Radio 1 star and Top of the Pops presenter or any
incident when a female stage hand had left Mr Travis's dressing room.

The comedian, who starred in the long-running BBC children's television series
ChuckleVision alongside his brother Barry, said that Mr Travis was "very
professional" during the pantomime.

Asked whether he was aware of any arrangement to chaperone female staff members
around Mr Travis, Mr Elliott replied: "Nobody told us about it. I would have
thought we would have known from somewhere." Mr Elliott said that he and his
brother would have been made aware of such a policy as they were "top of the
bill". The brothers, who are best known for their catchphrase "To me, to you",
appeared in Aladdin as the Chinese policemen.

The comedian said that he and his brother had been appearing in panto since 1967
and had been in about 46 in total.

He told the court that he thought it was the second time he had starred in one
alongside Mr Travis.

Barry Elliott, 69, said that he had not heard about a chaperone policy and
described the DJ as a "jolly great chap to work with".

"He was fine," he said. "He was great. I mean, everybody seemed to get on."

Mr Elliott said he could not recall Mr Travis "struggling" with a young woman in
his dressing room. "If it was something serious, we probably would, but I don't
remember anything like that at all," he said. Mr Travis, 68, is accused of
indecently assaulting ten women and a girl aged 15. The DJ, whose real name is
David Griffin, denies 13 charges of indecent assault and one of sexual assault.

The trial continues.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Barry, left, and Paul Elliott arrive at Southwark Crown Court yesterday

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIMscot


                    Copyright 2014 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              348 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                              Doncaster Free Press

                            February 3, 2014 Monday

Chuckle Brothers to give evidence at Dave Lee Travis trial

LENGTH: 99  words


South Yorkshire comedy favourites The Chuckle Brothers are due to give evidence
at the Dave Lee Travis sex assaults trial this afternoon.

The brothers - Paul and Barry Elliott - will appear as witnesses at Southwark
Crown Court where Mr Travis has denied 13 counts of indecent assault and one of
sexual assault.

Former Radio 1 DJ and Top of The Pops host Mr Travis, is being tried under his
real name, David Patrick Griffin.

Earlier in the trial, it was reported that the star had groped one of his
victims' backstage at a pantomime in which the brothers were also appearing.

The trial continues.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NDFP


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              349 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                        The News of the World (England)

                               November 14, 2010
                                   Edition 1;
                                Northern Ireland

TV JOY. The Chuckle Brothers [...]

BYLINE: IAN HYLAND

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 98 words


TV JOY. The Chuckle Brothers starring in C4's epic CELEBRITY COACH TRIP (that
coach's gain is I'm A Celeb's loss.) Steve Coogan's tips for hiding a double
chin in photos on BBC2's THE TRIP (yes, Piers, it is still available to watch on
iPlayer). The wholly improbable, yet still gripping, climax of BBC1's SPOOKS.
Terry Wogan giving a masterclass in quiz show hosting on NEVER MIND THE
BUZZCOCKS.

And Thursday's WATCHDOG.

Where a theatrical Anne Robinson expressed mock surprise at news that
age-defying creams might not actually work. Oh let it go, Annie. You should've
just asked for a refund.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NOW


                    Copyright 2010 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved

                              350 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                        The News of the World (England)

                               November 14, 2010
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

TV JOY. The Chuckle Brothers [...]

BYLINE: IAN HYLAND

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 41

LENGTH: 98 words


TV JOY. The Chuckle Brothers starring in C4's epic CELEBRITY COACH TRIP (that
coach's gain is I'm A Celeb's loss.)

Steve Coogan's tips for hiding a double chin in photos on BBC2's THE TRIP (yes,
Piers, it is still available to watch on iPlayer).

The wholly improbable, yet still gripping, climax of BBC1's SPOOKS.

Terry Wogan giving a masterclass in quiz show hosting on NEVER MIND THE
BUZZCOCKS.

And Thursday's WATCHDOG. Where a theatrical Anne Robinson expressed mock
surprise at news that age-defying creams might not actually work.

Oh let it go, Annie. You should've just asked for a refund.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NOW


                    Copyright 2010 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved

                              351 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                               Mid Devon Gazette

                                 March 25, 2010

An audience with the chuckle brothers

SECTION: Pg. 51

LENGTH: 130  words


An Audience With The Chuckle Brothers  Queen's Theatre, Barnstaple  Sunday,
March 28, 2pm and 5pm

CRAZY capering brothers, Paul and Barry, return to the Queen's Theatre for two
performances this Sunday. In this one-off tour special, the brothers will
perform a collection of their favourite comedy routines and show some of their
funniest film clips. They will also speak about some of the most memorable
incidents of their long and varied career.

Audience involvement will be encouraged and Mr Noslacking and Mr Getoutofit will
be moving through the aisles with microphones for those wishing to put a
question to Paul or Barry. Who knows, you may even be asked on stage to join
them?

Tickets: £12.50. Box office: 01271 324242 or visit the website at
http://www.northdevontheatres.org.uk.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 198


                        Copyright 2010 Mid Devon Gazette
                              All Rights Reserved

                              352 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                        The News of the World (England)

                           September 23, 2007 Sunday

Not funny for Chuckle Bros

LENGTH: 45  words


TV'S Chuckle Brothers weren't laughing after a thief raided caravans used by the
cast of their new series Beetleman -nicking gear worth £ 10,000.

But cops were shocked when they turned up on the set at Ware, Herts, to find the
victims dressed as beetles and waving false legs.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved

                              353 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                               Blackpool Gazette

                               September 14, 2005

'Chuckles' met fans

SOURCE: Blackpool Gazette

LENGTH: 67 words


In response to the recent criticism of the Chuckle Brothers, I must say that
after the show at the Opera House, on their second night, Paul and Barry came
out to greet their fans.


Much to the delight of my three grandchildren, they signed their souvenirs and
chatted to them, even though the queue behind us was a very long one.


Mrs O'Connor


South Holme


Lytham


LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2005 Johnston Press Plc

                              354 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Wiltshire

                                 March 27, 2003

Get set for a chuckle

LENGTH: 139 words


APRIL 5 OXFORD: FANS of the Chuckle Brothers should head for the Oxford Apollo
in April.

This comic duo are presenting their latest show The Chuckles Strike Back.

Staging an intergalactic fight between good evil and misunderstanding Paul and
Barry Chuckle are poised to make blunders galore.

Suitable for all the family these accident-prone real life brothers seldom fail
to raise a laugh by slipping up.

As TV favourites they have starred in many shows including Summertime Special
The Good Old Days and 321.

Their disaster-destined catchphrase "To me . . . to you " is also set to make
several appearances.

So if you fancy reviving the good old days of Chuckle Vision book yourself in
for their latest display. The show starts at 2pm on April 5. Tickets cost £8 and
can be booked on 0870 606 3500.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2003 NewsQuest Media Group Limited

                              355 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Wiltshire

                               February 28, 2003

Get set for a chuckle

LENGTH: 141 words


APRIL 5, OXFORD: FANS of the Chuckle Brothers should head for the Oxford Apollo
in April.

This comic duo are presenting their latest show The Chuckles Strike Back.

Staging an intergalactic fight between good, evil and misunderstanding, Paul and
Barry Chuckle are poised to make blunders galore.

Suitable for all the family, these accident-prone real life brothers seldom fail
to raise a laugh by slipping up.

As TV favourites, they have starred in many shows, including Summertime Special,
The Good Old Days and 321.

Their disaster-destined catchphrase "To me . . . to you," is also set to make
several appearances.

So if you fancy reviving the good old days of Chuckle Vision, book yourself in
for their latest display. The show starts at 2pm on April 5. Tickets cost (GBP)
8 and can be booked on 0870 606 3500.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2003 NewsQuest Media Group Limited

                              356 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                           Grimsby Evening Telegraph

                               September 26, 2002

Heroes Were A Real Chuckle

SECTION: News; People; Celebrities; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 196 words


The seven-year-old is pictured with the Chuckle Brothers, Barry and John
Elliott, after he had watched their show, Raiders of the Lost Bark, at the
Britannia Pier, Great Yarmouth last month.  It was the second time Harlen-Jay, a
pupil of Wybers Wood School in Timberley Drive, has been to see the children's
comedy duo, and this time he was part of the show when he came in for a foaming
from the brothers.

He said: "I enjoyed getting up and having shaving cream put all over my face."
After the show, Harlen-Jay, a fan of the brothers' television show, stayed
behind to see the comedy duo, and was delighted to get their autograph.

He said: "They said hello and asked what my name was.

"I like them both." Dad Rob Stead (49), of Cranbourne Close, Cleethorpes, took
the picture.

He said: "After the show they saw everybody who wanted to see them. They were
ever so good." Do you have a picture of yourself with a celebrity? It could be
anyone from Lulu to La La. Simply send it in to Eve Parish, Grimsby Telegraph,
80 Cleethorpe Road, Grimsby or e-mail eve.parish@grimsbytelegraph.co.uk Don't
forget to include a daytime telephone number.

Caption:

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 2002 Grimsby Evening Telegraph

                              357 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                THE BRISTOL POST

                                 April 6, 2001

Fancy a chuckle?;
 ARTS NEWS

SECTION: Tonight Extra, Pg.3

LENGTH: 99 words


FUN AND GAMES: CHILDREN'S favourites, the Chuckle Brothers, will be appearing in
Spooky Goings On at the Bristol Hippodrome on Tuesday April 17.

The comedy duo have been entertaining kids on television since 1985 with their
popular BBC programme, Chucklevision, which has just reached its 13th series
with a regular 3 million viewers.

The real-life brothers have previously enjoyed, as well as television fame,
successful live tours and have performed in pantomime. This promises to be a
great event for young and old. Tickets are priced 7.50 and available on 0870 607
7500.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                      Copyright 2001 Bristol United Press

                              358 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                          Clacton and Frinton Gazette

                             May 23, 2015 Saturday

Comedy duo Chuckle Brothers to appear in bank holiday show in Clacton

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 96 words


ICONIC comedy duo the Chuckle Brothers find themselves in the middle of a
familiar story in their latest show.

Barry and Paul are starring in The Chuckles of Oz at the West Cliff Theatre,
Clacton, on Monday at 2pm.

This new version of a classic tale sees familiar characters Dorothy, the Tin
Man, Cowardly Lion and Scarecrow joined by the zany brothers, who star as
wizards.

The enchanting production gives audiences a unique glance into the Emerald City
in a family show packed with laughout- loud comedy.

Tickets cost £15 (£14 children) or £56 for a family of four on 01255 433344.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              359 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                              Redditch Advertiser

                             May 14, 2015 Thursday

On the road to Redditch... The Chuckle Brothers

BYLINE: Ben Russell

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 191 words


FAMILIES are being invited to Redditch's Palace Theatre for a special treat,
perfect for the half-term school holidays.

Classic duo The Chuckle Brothers are on the road and bringing the Chuckles of Oz
to town.

This enchanting production will give youngsters and parents a unique glimpse
into the Emerald City in a fun packed family show brimming with laugh-out-loud
comedy.

Dorothy, The Tin Man, the Cowardly Lion and the Scarecrow are among the familiar
characters who join the Wizards (Paul and Barry) for this sensational new
version of the familiar Wizard of Oz story.

So be sure to click the heels of your ruby slippers and head to the Palace
Theatre this month.

A spokesman from the theatre said: "There's no place like The Chuckles of Oz.
It's suitable for all ages from three to 103, so be sure to book today."

The Chuckles Of Oz is at the Palace on Thursday, May 28 starting at 2pm.

Tickets are available in person or at the box office on 01527 65203 priced
£14.75 (£12.75 discount and £55 family ticket) inclusive of booking fee 75p per
ticket up to a maximum £3.

To purchase seats online or for more information, visit
redditchpalacetheatre.co.uk.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              360 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Mirror

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                Northern Ireland

Chuckle Bros 'interrupted groping DLT'

BYLINE: ANDY LINES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 122 words


DAVE Lee Travis was interrupted by the Chuckle Brothers as he indecently
assaulted a panto stagehand, a court heard yesterday.

The former Radio One DJ put his hand down her trousers in his dressing room
while holding the door shut, the woman claimed.

But Travis let her go when she managed to open the door as Paul and Barry
Elliott walked past, the jury heard.

The woman, then in her 20s, claims one brother asked "All right Dave?" She told
Southwark crown court she was "very shaken up" during the alleged incident at an
Aladdin panto in Crawley, West Sussex.

Travis, 69, denies charges of sexual and indecent assault on two women in 1990
and 2008 at the retrial as well as a further indecent assault charge on a third.

The trial continues.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ACCUSED Dave Lee Travis

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMR


                            Copyright 2014 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              361 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                          Future News - Media Planner

                           November 19, 2013 Tuesday

The Chuckle Brothers star in 'Aladdin' panto in Darlington

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 49 words


'Aladdin', traditional family panto starring The Chuckle Brothers as Wishee and
Washee, with Philip Meeks as Widow Twankey, Phil Corbitt as Abanazar and local
actress Beth Stobbart as the Princess

Event Start Date: 2013-12-07

Event End Date: 2014-01-12

Event URL: http://www.darlingtoncivic.co.uk/

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                             Copyright 2013 Precise
                              All Rights Reserved

                              362 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                            Birmingham Evening Mail

                            March 6, 2013 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Tory 'Chuckle Brothers';
16 views 2013

SECTION: LETTERS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 55 words


WHAT has happened to our fighting spirit? While the Chuckle Brothers Dave and
George tip-toe round their Old Etonian banker friends, the NHS is in meltdown,
the high street is disappearing and energy and fuel prices are rocketing out of
control while food banks have become essential to the daily lives of many.

Suzy Stait, Solihull

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BMM


               Copyright 2013 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              363 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                               Leicester Mercury

                            February 22, 2013 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

French quip was funniest moment;
MERCURY MAILBOX

SECTION: LETTERS; Pg. 14,15

LENGTH: 84 words


NEIL Galleymore's review of The Chuckle Brothers (Mercury, February 19) was
accurate in stating "they are very funny" but the funniest moment was during an
onstage competition featuring four children from the audience.

A six-year-old girl was asked by Paul: "What's the capital of France?" The girl
replied: "F." Paul repeated the question only to receive the same answer.

Prompted by somebody in the front row, Paul finally saw the logic.

As they say, never work with children.

Stewart Allardyce, Aylestone.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: THE JOKE'S ON THEM: The Chuckle Brothers came to town

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LEM


                        Copyright 2013 Leicester Mercury
                              All Rights Reserved

                              364 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                               November 18, 2002

Look behind you!

SECTION: Features; General; Advertorials; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 279 words


On from December 12 to January 12, the Chuckle Brothers, Paul and Barry, as
Wishee and Washee, are joined by Andy Goulding and Louise Stones from Signal
One's Breakfast Show as Abanazar and the Genie, and The Patton Brothers as Widow
Twankey and the Chief of Police.  Alongside stunning sets, lavish costumes, a
magic lamp, and a Chinese laundry, the panto is sure to have all of the family
enchanted, as they boo evil Abanazar and cheer the hero, Aladdin.

However, there's plenty more to look forward to before then, including the St
Petersburg Ballet Theatre performing two breathtaking ballets, "Swan Lake" from
November 19 until Friday and "Giselle" on Saturday, 23rd.  They will be led by
internationally acclaimed dancer Irina Kolesnikova.

And there's a feast of top class opera at the end of the month as Glyndebourne
Touring Opera returns to the city for the fourth year running.  They will be
putting on three unforgettable productions: Bizet's "Carmen" (November 26 and
29); Tchaikovsky's "Eugene Onegin" (November 27 and 30) and Britten's "Albert
Herring" (November 28).

Early in the New Year, Stoke-on-Trent's own Jonathan Wilkes will be on the stage
for Richard O'Brien's "The Rocky Horror Show" who will be strutting his stuff as
Frank N Furter in the musical that has brought us such classics as "Damn It
Janet" and "Time Warp".  "The Rocky Horror Show" is on at The Regent from
January 13 to 18.

Meanwhile at the Victoria Hall, Thursday (November 21) sees Legends of Rock with
Jack Bruce, Uli Jon Roth, Michael Schenker and Glenn Hughes, and on December 22,
Ken Dodd brings his own special blend of happiness to the stage.

Caption:

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2002 The Sentinel (Stoke)

                              365 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Wiltshire

                               February 13, 2002

Don't miss... A good chuckle .

SECTION: Whatson

LENGTH: 100 words



FEBRUARY 12: Due to the sellout success of the Chuckle Brothers' show, Raiders
of the Lost Bark, at the Wyvern Theatre in Swindon on Tuesday, a second show has
been added.


The show, featuring the stars of BBC1's Chucklevision, sees Paul and Barry
travelling to Egypt to find an old statue of a dog.


The boys go through adventures being chased by a mummy and raiding tombs until
they think they've found the statue.


Unbeknown to them, 'Fez' Cooper has ideas of stealing it for himself. Fun for
all the family.


The new show starts at 5pm. To book, call (01793) 535536.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2002 NewsQuest Media Group Limited

                              366 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            Nottingham Evening Post

                               December 11, 2000

It's chuckles all the way for panto's laughter brothers
 JACK AND THE BEANSTALK at the Theatre Royal

BYLINE: First Night With Neil White

SECTION: Arts & Entertainment: REVIEWS, Pg.5

LENGTH: 302 words


WHEN it comes to kids' entertainment the Chuckle Brothers are out on their own.

And so when the Theatre Royal signed them up the management didn't need the
goose that laid the golden egg.

Paul and Barry's frenetic visual humour works brilliantly on stage. They are
never given lines which go over the kids' heads and most of all they look like
they're having the time of their lives.

The only problem is that they have virtually all the good lines - and therefore
get all the laughs.

That particularly puts into the shade former Crackerjack presenter Don Maclean,
who played the dame.

In fact, the only other character to come across with really big presence was
Robin Askwith.

Considering he has previously made his mark with light-hearted characters like
those in the Confessions films, he made a fabulous villain.

As the giant's henchman he was genuinely nasty and drew the boos out of the
audience brilliantly.

Bonnie Langford was lithe and pleasant as Jack, her high-kicking performance,
and her figure being astounding considering she only gave birth seven weeks ago.

The production's songs, however, were not particularly strong, largely because
the band seemed to overpower some of the voices on stage.

They certainly did not have the vibrancy of the numbers down the road at the
Playhouse - even though they've managed to come up with the same finale -
courtesy of S Club 7.

As usual the Theatre Royal's production relies heavily on spectacular stage
design and its giant is truly huge and magnificent.

But when you've seen Barry Chuckle get down to his frilly knickers as a mock pop
star, play with a cucumber and his brother Paul throw a custard pie into an
audience member's face - does anything else matter?

As long as it's got the Chuckles, Jack and The Beanstalk can't fail.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: CHUCKLEVISION: The Chuckle Brothers, Paul and Barry, in Jack and the
Beanstalk

                     Copyright 2000 Nottingham Evening Post

                              367 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            Evening News (Edinburgh)

                            March 30, 1999, Tuesday

IT'S SILLY BUT GIVE US LESS, NOT MORE

BYLINE: Gabe Stewart

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 313 words


"BEING very silly comes naturally," sang the Chuckle Brothers last night. No
wonder it's natural - they've succeeded at being very silly for over 30 years
now.

Their Wednesday CITV Chucklevision show is refreshingly unpatronising, its
down-to-earth, honest slapstick, like clowning and panto, appealing to children
of any age.

The first quarter of this sea adventure overflowed with priceless routines. One
such panto standard is a scene where three of the characters are code -named U,
I and Y. You know the score: "You are U", "No, I am me" and so it goes.

Well delivered, this routine never fails, and, naturally, the Brothers did it
very well.

Battling with dodgy sound and dodgier sets, the frolicking fun continued to
froth over, reducing a water-rifled and custard-pied audience to hysterics.

However, the show started running aground after an overdose of not one, not two,
but three Steps-style song-and-dance routines from Bonnie, a three-piece girl
outfit. Despite their obvious appeal, three numbers on the trot simply broke up
the show's momentum irretrievably.

Eventually back with the plot, the cast got shipwrecked.

Amid the buckets of water and custard pies, it was a night for corpsing as
unscripted bloomers abounded.

Wigs going astray, sets falling down and a slap that unintentionally hit home
only added to the hilarity.

But in its last third, the show began to sink. More dance routines, more
stretched-out gags, more restless kids. It's fine in variety or panto, but in a
show aimed at under-eights, to have six unrelated dance numbers seemed
inappropriate.

A show of three thirds - one third excellent; one third so-so; one third
padding. A classic case where less would have been more. It's a shame that by
curtain down this first-class act had begun to feel like a third-rate show.

..WORD: 297

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                 Copyright 1999 The Scotsman Publications Ltd.

                              368 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                Dunstable Today

                             March 27, 2015 Friday

Video: Chuckle Brothers get down with the kids at Dunstable's Club Cookies

BYLINE: Adam Parris-long

LENGTH: 94  words


Although their combined age is almost 140 the Chuckle Brothers showed no signs
of slowly down when they appeared at a Dunstable club last night.

Barry and Paul Elliott- known for BBC children's show ChuckleVision- defied
their years as they appeared as guests of honour at Club Cookies, on Court
Drive.

The pair sang and danced along as their track To Me, To You' was played out.

The single, which was a collaboration with Tinchy Stryder, was released last
year as a charity single in support of the African Caribbean Leukaemia Trust.

> Footage courtesy of Kate Sheddock

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MBLD


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              369 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (England)

                              March 1, 2015 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                Northern Ireland

CHUCKLE ROBBER A Chuckle Brother [...]

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 17 words


CHUCKLE ROBBER A Chuckle Brother lookalike is being hunted after a supermarket
raid in Walthamstow, London.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUN


                    Copyright 2015 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved

                              370 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                   York Press

                           January 30, 2014 Thursday

The Chuckle Brothers, A Space Oddity, Hull New Theatre, February 18

SECTION: SPORT

LENGTH: 112 words


TO me, to you, to infinity. South Yorkshire children's comedy duo The Chuckle
Brothers are promising an out-of-this-world adventure in their new touring show,
A Space Oddity.

Among the destinations for Chucklevision double act Paul and Barry Elliott will
be Hull New Theatre on February 18, when they start spreading their chaos and
mayhem at 2pm.

In the Rotherham brothers' latest capers, their visit to a toy shop to buy water
pistols takes a different turn when they spot a toy spaceship.

Jumping on board, they can't resist pressing the big red button and all of a
sudden they find themselves transported into space. Box office: 01482 300300 or
hullcc.gov.uk/hullnewtheatre

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              371 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                           December 4, 2013 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

Celebrating 10 years of the Chuckle Bros of Ottawa

SECTION: ARTS &; LIFE; Pg. C10

LENGTH: 9 words


Celebrating 10 years of the Chuckle Bros of Ottawa, C13

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Teaser

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2013 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved

                              372 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                  The Northern Echo (Newsquest Regional Press)

                           January 30, 2013 Wednesday

Chuckle Brothers lined up for panto

SECTION: NEWS: LOCAL (DARLINGTON)

LENGTH: 126 words


A CHILDREN'S comedy duo have been lined up to star in a North-East panto this
year.

Paul and Barry Elliott, better known to millions as The Chuckle Brothers, will
star in Aladdin, at Darlington Civic Theatre.

The brothers have become household names through their iconic children's
programme Chucklevision.

They have worked in practically every field of entertainment from television,
pantomime, summer season, clubs, cabaret, touring revues, to circus and even an
ice-show.

Their distinctive catchphrases and knack for bringing mayhem and chaos wherever
they go has made them firm family favourites with children and adults alike.

Aladdin runs from December 7 this year to January 12, 2014.

To book, visit darlingtonarts.co.uk or call the box office on 01325-486555.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              373 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                          Future News - Media Planner

                          November 21, 2012 Wednesday

The Chuckle Brothers star in 'Sleeping Beauty' panto in Hull

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 41 words


'Sleeping Beauty', traditional family panto starring The Chuckle Brothers, Barry
and Paul, as the Court Jesters and Lea Marinelli in the title role

Event Start Date: 2012-12-06

Event End Date: 2013-01-06

Event URL: http://www.hullcc.gov.uk/hullnewtheatre

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                             Copyright 2012 Precise
                              All Rights Reserved

                              374 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                            December 9, 2011 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Plenty of chuckles on the road with comedy legends Barry and Paul

SECTION: MOTORS;FEATURES; Pg. 2,3

LENGTH: 517 words


Paul and Barry Elliot, aka the Chuckle Brothers, are comedy legends. From
starting out on the northern club circuit to having their own kids' TV show,
Chucklevision, the Rotherhamraised brothers have been treading the boards for
five decades, winning Opportunity Knocks in 1967 and New Faces in 1974.

After Blue Peter, Chucklevision is the longest-running children's show on
television.

The duo are now starring in Cinderella at Hull New Theatre, which is their 45th
panto together, and runs until January 8. For more details, call 01482 300 300.

Q What do you drive? A The Chuckle Mobile!

Q What was your first car? A We both shared a Ford Thames 500 weight van for our
first car.

Q What was your best car? A Paul - Jaguar XK8 convertible.

Barry - Mercedes SL Q ... and worst? A A 1953 Ford Popular, which we shared.

Q What is your dream car, and why? A Chitty Chitty Bang Bang, because it flies!

Q Do you consider yourself to be a good driver? A Brilliant - both of us.

Q Have you ever had a crash? A Nope, luckily.

Q What do you keep in your glovebox? A Gloves of course, and the thing that gets
the nuts off the wheels.

Q What drives you mad behind the wheel? A Other drivers.

Q What music do you drive to? A Barry - Viking FM. Paul - Real Radio Q Who would
be your perfect passenger? A Anyone who doesn't moan at our driving, sorry Mrs
Chuckle.

Q What's the craziest thing you have ever done in a car? A Probably best not to
go into that.

Q Who cleans your car, and how often? A Barry - When it gets serviced.

Paul - Any hand car washer, once a month.

Q How many points on your licence? A None at the moment.

Q What does your partner drive? A Mrs Paul Chuckle drives a Chrysler Sebring
convertible and Mr Barry Chuckle drives a Hyundai Santa FE.

SAFETY CAMERAS HULL Fixed camera locations: A1079 Beverley Road, near Mizzen
Road (40mph).

Spring Bank West (30mph). Clough Road (30mph). Stoneferry Road (30mph). There
are also fixed cameras within the national speed limit on the A1079 Beverley
bypass.

Mobile camera locations: A1079 Beverley Road/Desmond Avenue. Greenwood Avenue.

Hall Road. Priory Road. Spring Bank West. Beverley Road, Hessle. Boothferry
Road. A63 Daltry Street flyover. A165 Freetown Way. A165 Holderness Road.
Marfleet Lane.

Leads Road. Wawne Road. John Newton Way. Bricknell Avenue.

This week, there will also be cameras at the following locations: A614
Shiptonthorpe, on Monday; Main Road, Bilton, on Tuesday; B1230 Newport, on
Wednesday; Quay Road, Bridlington, on Thursday; Airmyn Road, Goole, on Friday.
Safer Roads Humber: Safer Roads Humber operates fixed and mobile cameras at 85
sites in Hull, the East Riding and North Lincolnshire.

Motorists caught travelling over the designated speed limit will be sent a
fixed-penalty notice, which results in a £60 fine and three points on their
licence. Motorists should be aware the above locations and dates represent the
minimum speed enforcement undertaken and that officers can visit any of the
other sites on any day of the week, including evenings and weekends.

Safer Roads Humber www.saferroadshumber.com National speed limits
www.highwaycode.gov.uk

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MOTORING MIRTH: The Chuckle Brothers Paul Elliott, right, and Barry
Elliott with their Chuckle Mobile. Picture: Simon Renilson

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDM


                         Copyright 2011 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved

                              375 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                           November 3, 2011 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Brothers are so talented;
The People's Voice

SECTION: LETTERS; Pg. 10,11

LENGTH: 152 words


I DID enjoy reading about the Chuckle Brothers' forthcoming pantomime at Hull
New Theatre.

How I would dearly love to be able to go and see it, but being a disabled
pensioner, it is not possible.

These gentlemen have given so much pleasure to countless numbers of people over
the years, and will carry on doing so, I sincerely hope.

What really stands out is that, in all that time, their act does not ever
include the filthy language and dialogue that present-day so-called comedians
cannot manage without.

Why? Simply that Paul and Barry possess the one thing there is little of these
days and I mean talent - they are just naturally funny.

To all the people lucky enough to go and watch the show, how I envy you, there
seems to be so little to laugh at these days.

I say good luck to Barry and Paul, and long may you both continue to spread your
happiness. We need it!

Norma Walker, Kirk House, Pryme Street, Anlaby.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CLEAN-CUT: The Chuckle Brothers.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDM


                         Copyright 2011 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved

                              376 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                   Daily Star

                                August 15, 2003

THE GOSS WITH LEIGH PURVES, NADIA BROOKS AND AMY WATTS; SPOTTED

SECTION: COLUMNS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 43 words


IN GLASGOW: David Sneddon with showbiz giants the Chuckle Brothers in Tiger
Tiger bar.

In London: Ralph Fiennes winking at a brunette at Century Club on Shaftesbury
Avenue; Holby City's Jeremy Edwards yelling into his mobile on Shaftesbury
Avenue.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2003 Express Newspapers

                              377 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                               December 23, 2002

Panto-Time Everywhere

SECTION: Features; Arts; Previews; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 164 words


Tonight Aladdin The Chuckle Brothers headline the Regent's annual fun-filled
pantomime.

The Regent, Hanley, 7.30pm. 01782 213800.

Aladdin Chloe Newsome (best known as Vicki McDonald from Coronation Street) and
Lee Cornes (Mr Hankin from Grange Hill) star in Buxton's traditional pantomime.

Buxton Opera House, 7pm. 01298 72190.

The Snow Queen The New Vic's Christmas production this year is Hans Christian
Andersen's beautifully woven fairy tale, packed with snowy fun and adventure.

New Victoria Theatre, Basford, 7.30pm. 01782 717962 Jack And The Beanstalk
Emmerdale's ex-policewoman Freya Copeland climbs back to her home town to lead
the cast in the Stafford panto.

Gatehouse Theatre, Stafford, 7pm.

TOMORROW Dick Whittington Bernie Clifton and his ostrich friend, Dr Evadne Hinge
and Diane Youdale from Gladiators are the star names in the Crewe panto offering
for this festive season.

Lyceum Theatre, Crewe, 2pm and 6pm. 01270 537333 Caption:

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2002 The Sentinel (Stoke)

                              378 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                               December 20, 2002

The Ash Girl Tackles Growing Pains Of Adulthood

SECTION: Features; Arts; Previews; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 235 words


Tonight: Aladdin The Chuckle Brothers headline the Regent's fun-filled
pantomime. The Regent, Hanley, 7.30pm. 01782 213800.

Aladdin Chloe Newsome (Vicki McDonald from Coronation Street) stars in Buxton's
traditional pantomime. Buxton Opera House, 6.30pm.  01298 72190.

Insomnia Al Pacino plays a sleep-deprived LA cop trying to solve the murder of a
teenage girl in Alaska. Film Theatre, Stoke, 7.45pm. 01782 411188.

The Snow Queen The New Vic's Christmas production is Hans Christian Andersen's
beautifully woven fairy tale. New Victoria Theatre, Basford, 7.30pm. 01782
717962.

The Ash Girl The New Vic's Junior Youth Theatre presents a wondrous story of the
beauty and terror of growing up. New Victoria Theatre, Basford, 7.30pm. 01782
717962.

Dick Whittington Bernie Clifton and Diane Youdale from Gladiators are the star
names in the Crewe pantomime. Lyceum Theatre, Crewe, 7.30pm. 01270 537333.

Jack And The Beanstalk Emmerdale's ex-policewoman Freya Copeland leads the cast
in the Stafford panto. Gatehouse Theatre, Stafford, 7pm.

TOMORROW: Open 02 A major exhibition featuring all kinds of art and craft from
Staffordshire, Derbyshire, Cheshire and Shropshire. Potteries Museum and Art
Gallery, Hanley. 1-4pm. 01782 232323.

Ken Dodd's Christmas Show Britain's favourite funnyman with another marathon
show. Victoria Hall, Hanley, 7pm. 01782 213800.

Caption:

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2002 The Sentinel (Stoke)

                              379 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                               December 19, 2002

Pantomine Chuckles With Tv'S Comedy Brothers

SECTION: Features; Arts; Previews; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 267 words


Tonight Aladdin The Chuckle Brothers headline the Regent's annual fun-filled
pantomime. The Regent, Hanley, 7.30pm. 01782 213800.

Aladdin Chloe Newsome (Vicki McDonald from Coronation Street) and Lee Cornes (Mr
Hankin from Grange Hill) star. Buxton Opera House, 6.30pm. 01298 72190.

Friends Of Ken's Christmas Party Top tunes from Friends Of Ken plus Dirty Money,
Kone and guests. Sugarmill, Hanley, 8pm. Tickets on door.

A Baroque Christmas Christmas, classical style at New Victoria Theatre, Basford,
7.30pm. 01782 717962 Jiri Barta, A New Puppet Cinema The magic world of Czech
animation. Film Theatre, Stoke, 7.45pm. 01782 411188.

Biddulph Male Voice Choir The fine vocals of the North Staffordshire ensemble.
Victoria Hall, Hanley, 7.30pm. 01782 213800.

TOMORROW: The Snow Queen The New Vic's Hans Christian Andersen's fairy tale. New
Victoria Theatre, Basford, 7.30pm. 01782 717962 The Ash Girl The New Vic's
Junior Youth Theatre presents a story of the beauty and terror of growing up.
New Vic, 7.30pm. 01782 717962.

Dick Whittington Bernie Clifton, Dr Evadne Hinge, and Diane Youdale from
Gladiators are the star names in the Crewe pantomime. Lyceum Theatre, Crewe,
2.30pm and 7.30pm. 01270 537333.

Jack And The Beanstalk Emmerdale's ex-policewoman Freya Copeland leads the cast
in the Stafford panto. Gatehouse Theatre, Stafford, 10.30am and 7.30pm.

Open 02 A major exhibition featuring all kinds of art and craft from
Staffordshire, Derbyshire, Cheshire and Shropshire. lPotteries Museum and Art
Gallery, Hanley. 10am-4pm. 01782 232323.

Caption:

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2002 The Sentinel (Stoke)

                              380 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                               December 16, 2002

Chuckling Good Fun

SECTION: Features; Arts; Previews; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 105 words


Tonight: Aladdin The Chuckle Brothers headline the Regent's annual fun-filled
pantomime. The Regent, Hanley, 7.30pm. 01782 213800.

Hold Tight It's Dennis's Christmas Party Night An evening of music covering more
than 30 hits from the 60s.  New Victoria Theatre, Basford, 7.30pm, 01782 717962
Chubby Brown Foul-mouthed comic with blue jokes.  Victoria Hall, Hanley, 7.30pm.
01782 213800.

TOMORROW: The Snow Queen The New Vic's Christmas production.  New Victoria
Theatre, Basford, 10am and 2pm. 01782 717962 Dick Whittington Bernie Clifton
stars.  Lyceum Theatre, Crewe, 10am and 2pm. 01270 537333 Caption:

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2002 The Sentinel (Stoke)

                              381 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                               December 16, 2002

You'Ll Be Chuckling With Panto

SECTION: Features; Arts; Previews; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 232 words


Tonight: Aladdin The Chuckle Brothers headline the Regent's annual fun-filled
pantomime.

The Regent, Hanley, 7.30pm. 01782 213800.

Aladdin Chloe Newsome (Vicki McDonald from Coronation Street) and Lee Cornes (Mr
Hankin from Grange Hill) star in Buxton's traditional panto.

Buxton Opera House, 6.30pm. 01298 72190.

Heaven Cate Blanchett flees justice with an Italian cop in this love-on-the-run
flick.

Film Theatre, Stoke, 7.45pm. 01782 411188 TOMORROW: The Snow Queen The New Vic's
Christmas production is Hans Christian Andersen's beautifully woven fairy tale.

New Victoria Theatre, Basford, 10am. 01782 717962.

Kings Of Swing Offering all the standard jazz tunes, Digby Fairweather, Roy
Williams and Alan Barnes will bring the house down.

New Victoria Theatre, Basford, 7.30pm. 01782 717962.

Dick Whittington Bernie Clifton, Dr Evadne Hinge, and Diane Youdale, from
Gladiators, are the star names in the pantomime from Crewe.

Lyceum Theatre, Crewe, 10am and 2pm. 01270 537333.

Jack And The Beanstalk Emmerdale's ex-policewoman, Freya Copeland, leads the
cast in the Stafford pantomime .

Gatehouse Theatre, Stafford, 10.30am, 1.30pm.

Open 02 A major exhibition featuring all kinds of art and craft from
Staffordshire, Derbyshire, Cheshire and Shropshire.

Potteries Museum and Art Gallery, Hanley, 10am to 4pm. 01782 232323.

Caption:

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2002 The Sentinel (Stoke)

                              382 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                    The Sun

                               February 11, 2000

GARRY JOHNSON ON LAST NIGHT'S TV

BYLINE: Garry Johnson

SECTION: TELEVISION

LENGTH: 306 words


    IF you thought kids' telly was all Teletubbies and Chuckle Brothers,
Children's Ward will come as a hefty shock.

    The new series of this award-winning drama kicked off in war-torn Eastern
Europe and pulled fewer punches than Tyson in a temper.

    A gang of uniformed thugs torched the home and abducted the parents of young
Dielleza (Miranda Hutcheon) and Auni (Josh Maguire).

    Hurt as her home exploded, Dielleza had to be airlifted to England for a
life-saving operation in Southpark Hospital's children's ward.

    Meanwhile her plucky brother set out on an epic journey across Europe to
find her. The performances of both kid actors were of a remarkably high
standard.

    Children's Ward was recreated in 1989 by Kay "Band of Gold" Mellor and Paul
Abbott of Cracker and Clocking Off fame.

    The series has launched the acting careers of many famous faces, including
Jane Danson of Corrie, Tim Vincent, Nicola Stephenson and more recently, the
Royle Family's Ralf Little.

    I'd wager that Miranda Hutcheon and Josh Maguire will be just as successful
in their adult careers.

    Children's drama bears some resemblance to Britain's youth football teams,
full of talent and skilled performers. But our young football stars often lose
their way under the guidance of managers with more coaching manuals than soccer
know-how. While our young actors end up in naff BBC costume dramas and
second-rate soaps like Holby City, or find themselves appearing in EastEnders
playing unrealistic characters in far-fetched storylines.

    Yet if kids' TV can turn out drama as fine as Children's Ward, why can't we
do the same with grown-up programmes after the watershed?

    In recent weeks, I've endured Sunburn, Playing the Field and The Vice, all
of which could have been written and produced by kids without a GCSE between
them.


LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2000 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD

                              383 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                    The Sun

                               February 11, 2000

Garry Johnson on last night's TV; Television

BYLINE:  By Garry Johnson

LENGTH: 305 words



   IF you thought kids' telly was all Teletubbies and Chuckle Brothers,
Children's Ward will come as a hefty shock.

   The new series of this award-winning drama kicked off in war-torn Eastern
Europe and pulled fewer punches than Tyson in a temper.

   A gang of uniformed thugs torched the home and abducted the parents of young
Dielleza (Miranda Hutcheon) and Auni (Josh Maguire).

   Hurt as her home exploded, Dielleza had to be airlifted to England for a
life-saving operation in Southpark Hospital's children's ward.

   Meanwhile her plucky brother set out on an epic journey across Europe to find
her. The performances of both kid actors were of a remarkably high standard.

   Children's Ward was recreated in 1989 by Kay "Band of Gold" Mellor and Paul
Abbott of Cracker and Clocking Off fame.

   The series has launched the acting careers of many famous faces, including
Jane Danson of Corrie, Tim Vincent, Nicola Stephenson and more recently, the
Royle Family's Ralf Little.

   I'd wager that Miranda Hutcheon and Josh Maguire will be just as successful
in their adult careers.

   Children's drama bears some resemblance to Britain's youth football teams,
full of talent and skilled performers. But our young football stars often lose
their way under the guidance of managers with more coaching manuals than soccer
know-how. While our young actors end up in naff BBC costume dramas and
second-rate soaps like Holby City, or find themselves appearing in EastEnders
playing unrealistic characters in far-fetched storylines.

   Yet if kids' TV can turn out drama as fine as Children's Ward, why can't we
do the same with grown-up programmes after the watershed?

   In recent weeks, I've endured Sunburn, Playing the Field and The Vice, all of
which could have been written and produced by kids without a GCSE between them.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2000 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD

                              384 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                            February 4, 2014 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                Northern Ireland

DLT's a jolly great chap

BYLINE: MARC WALKER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 226 words


THE Chuckle Brothers yesterday denied knowing anything of Dave Lee Travis
molesting a panto stagehand.

Paul and Barry Elliott said claims DLT groped the girl came as a "complete
surprise".

Barry, 69, described Travis as a "jolly great chap to work with".

He added: "He was fine as far as I can recall. He was fine. He was great. I mean
everybody seemed to get on."

Travis, of Aylesbury, Bucks, and the brothers had appeared in Aladdin in the
early 1990s.

The Chucklevision pair said they could not remember a ban on DLT being alone
with female cast and crew.

Former Radio 1 star Travis, 68, is said to have shoved his hand down the girl's
trousers before being disturbed by one of the brothers, who said: "All right,
Dave?" But neither Paul, 66, nor Barry said they could remember the alleged
incident in the dressing room of DLT, who was playing Abanazar.

Paul described DLT, real name David Griffin, as "very professional" and said the
DJ went "home straight away" after every performance.

He said he was unaware of a policy whereby women would have a chaperone.

"I think I would remember. I'm sure that I would have noticed. I don't think my
memory is that bad to have forgotten," he told Southwark Crown Court, London.

Travis denies 13 indecent assaults and one sexual assault spanning 30 years. The
trial continues.

marc.walker@dailystar.co.uk ARRIVING: DLT at court

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ¦ MATES: Paul and Barry Elliott, yesterday above, and with DLT as the
Chuckle Brothers
ARRIVING: DLT at court
Pictures: TIM MERRY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DST


                       Copyright 2014 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              385 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily Record & Sunday Mail

                            February 4, 2014 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

DLT is very nice and a jolly great chap to work with;
Chuckle Brothers at sex trial

BYLINE: ADRIAN SHAW

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 163 words


THE Chuckle Brothers told Dave Lee Travis's trial yesterday that they never
heard any sex abuse claims about him when they starred with him in panto. Paul
and Barry Elliott said the ex-Radio 1 DJ was a true professional who left
straight after each show.

Travis allegedly attacked a young stagehand in his dressing room while playing
evil wizard Abanazar in Aladdin with the brothers in Sussex in the 90s.

Jurors at Southwark Crown Court in London were told the abuse stopped when the
brothers walked past his partly opened door and one shouted: "All right, Dave?"
Stephen Vullo, defending, asked Barry, 69, if he noticed "inappropriate
behaviour" by Travis during the show's run. He replied: "No.

"He was just jolly, a great chap to work with."

Paul said: "He was very professional. He seemed to go home straight away after
the show."

Travis denies 13 charges of indecent assault and one of sexual assault by
touching in relation to 11 young women and teenage girls. The trial continues.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DENIALS Dave Lee Travis
EVIDENCE Barry and Paul Elliott at court PICTURE: YUI MOK/PA WIRE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DRC


             Copyright 2014 Scottish Daily Record & Sunday Mail Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              386 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                               Leicester Mercury

                           February 14, 2012 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Addictive and daft;
The Chuckle Brothers De Montfort Hall, Leicester Review by Lynette Watson

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 205 words


TOTAL mayhem is guaranteed in any Chuckle Brothers show and this latest tour
production did not disappoint.

These brilliant masters of the adlib, provide superb all round entertainment
that appeals to kids aged two to 92.

Their humour is completely predictable, never offends and is, quite simply,
addictively daft.

This latest adventure is a sequel to their first Pirates show and follows the
intrepid pair as they search a remote cannibalinhabited island to discover the
lost flagon containing the 'fountain of youth' elixir which, by the way, was
empty.

Opening with a completely 'clean' comedic stripping scene, and continuing with
plenty of audience participation, the show is a total riot from the first 'ello'
to the last 'to me to you', combining magic, puppets, slapstick and pure
pantomime during their hapless quest.

Joined on the island by the versatile Patton Brothers, who, as the villains of
the piece, incited the wrath of the audience by telling the kids to 'Gerr out of
'ere!' plus the awesome magic and spellbinding fluorescent puppet sequences from
the incredible Safire, had the packed house booing and cheering simultaneously.

Plenty of catchy songs, water spraying, and custard pie slinging delivered
feelgood fun.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LEM


                        Copyright 2012 Leicester Mercury
                              All Rights Reserved

                              387 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                              The Star (Sheffield)

                              June 8, 2010 Tuesday

Chuckle Brothers: Laugh? I nearly died ... or did I?

LENGTH: 382 words



HIGHLIGHT: ONE of Rotherham's best- loved comedians had the smile wiped off his
face after vicious internet rumours surfaced - claiming he'd died from a heart
attack.


Barry Elliott - better known as one half of the entertaining Chuckle Brothers -
today reassured fans he's very much alive and kicking after fake death messages
were planted on a bogus Twitter account.

The prankster fooled thousands of Paul and Barry Elliott's devastated fans.

The lovable brothers from Rotherham - stars of the hugely popular BBC TV series
Chucklevision for the last 21 years - today spoke out about the rumours and
called for an end to the vendetta.

Barry said: "I don't know why it's happening, but there's somebody out there who
seems seriously intent on causing the two of us a lot of problems. I don't know
what the possible motive can be, but it's not very nice putting out a message on
the internet that somebody's dead.

"I've had a whole load of inquiries from people wanting to know whether I'm
still alive, some of them from celebrities in show business, and it got so bad
we've had to put an announcement on our official website just to reassure
everyone that I'm still around and kicking."

Barry's wife Anne said the false rumours had caused untold anguish in the
family.

"Our daughter got a phone call from a radio station asking if Barry had died. It
had started as rumour, but before long it had just become fact, and they wanted
to know if it was true or not.

"She was horrified because Barry was away working. It was just awful, and that's
what happens when people go and spread false rumours on the internet like this.
I'd love to know who's behind it all and why because it just doesn't make any
sense at all."

Over 8,000 fans logged on to Barry's bogus Twitter site before it closed down
suddenly last week.

The 65-year-old comedian,  famous for the catchphrase To Me To You, added: "It's
not very funny. Somebody has gone on Twitter using my name, and it sounds as
though a lot of innocent people may well have been taken in."

Got a view? Add your comment below.

Don't miss our daily pull-outs - only in the The Star: Monday Star Sport,
Tuesday Class Act; Wednesday Business; Thursday Grassroots; Friday Time Out;
Saturday Retro. Subscribe to The Star - CLICK HERE

READ MORE
Join the Star reader panel
Main news index
Your letters
Features
South Yorkshire's environmental news
Kids Zone
More business news
More Rotherham news
More Doncaster news
More Barnsley news
Latest sport

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SHEF


                       Copyright 2010 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              388 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                             March 17, 2009 Tuesday

Oasis floored Ricky

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 40

LENGTH: 673 words


RICKY Hatton has revealed how the Gallagher brothers turned into the Chuckle
Brothers when they climbed into a ring for the first time.

The Hitman lifted the lid on the Burnage rockers' antics when they carried his
IBO and Ring magazine world title belts ahead of his showdown with Paulie
Malignaggi last November.

Hatton has forged a friendship with the Oasis stars, and invited them to join
him on the ring walk, holding the championship belts above their heads.

Deadly

But part-time comedian Hatton, who becomes deadly serious on fight night, was
almost reduced to a giggle as the pair warmed to their tasks.

Hatton also told an audience at the Lowry Theatre that the bad boys showed a
gentler side on seeing the brutality of boxing close up - even prompting Liam to
plead with him to quit.

But the fun started as Hatton and his entourage lined up in the tunnel, ready to
make their entrance into the MGM Grand's Garden Arena.

"I handed Liam one of the belts, and he asked me what he should do with it, so I
told him to hold it above his head," said Hatton. "When we got in the ring I
could hear Liam telling Noel 'Look at the floor, there's blood on the floor!'

"Noel said to him 'Yes, you're in a boxing ring!"

Hatton also told Liam to show the belt to Malignaggi, meaning from the safety of
his own corner. But the Mancunian swaggered across the ring, almost thrusting
the belt in the opponent's face, and shouted "Whatcha think about that!"

"I wouldn't mind," quipped Hatton. "But Paulie is a New York Italian, and half
of the Sopranos were at ringside."

The Gallaghers took ringside seats for the fight, and were astounded at the
ferocity of the contest, even though Hatton's 11-round stoppage win was not one
of his hardest fights.

"Liam pulled me over after the fight and asked me how many more I was planning
to have," said Hatton. "I told him three or four, and he replied 'You must be
off your head'. He was pleading with me to pack it in."

Hatton also revealed his biggest hate figure - United star Cristiano Ronaldo.

Asked who he would choose if he could knock out anyone in the world, Hatton only
hesitated for a moment before answering: "I don't dislike too many people, but
it would probably be Ronaldo.

"He is the best footballer in the world, but he is on his backside more times
than his feet.

"United were on the telly the other night when I was Hoovering, and when the
Hoover bumped into the telly Ronaldo fell over."

Hatton was also asked who he would like to play him if a film was made of his
life story. He replied: "They would have to have two people playing me. Johnny
Vegas when I'm out of training, Brad Pitt when I'm in it."

Hatton, meanwhile, believes his little brother Matthew is ready to grab some of
the limelight.

The 27-year-old headlines the first local show put on by Ricky's own promotions
company on March 28, taking on former European champion Ted Bami in an IBO title
eliminator in Altrincham.

And his elder sibling is predicting the time is ripe for "Magic" Matthew to
blossom into a top-class fighter.

Having split with long-time trainer Billy Graham following defeat by
Failsworth's Craig Watson, a superb victory over Ben Tackie in November made a
few people sit up and take notice.

And with a new training regime under Lee Beard, and occasionally Ricky's new
mentor Floyd Mayweather Senior, Ricky says his kid brother is about to shine.

Best

"His career has stuttered and stalled, but now you are going to see the best of
him," said Ricky.

"He is coming into his own. In his fight with Watson he didn't do himself
justice.

"In his last few fights under Billy his heart wasn't really in it. Training was
becoming very much hard work for Billy due to his injuries, and it was taking
all his effort to get his work done with me.

"Consequently Matthew was suffering a little bit and it showed in his
performances.

"He is in a new camp now, working on different things. It's the same as it is
with me - when you are given new training methods and new and exciting things to
work on you get a bit of hunger and buzz back."

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHUCKLE BROTHERS Ricky Hatton with the Gallaghers. Below: Matthew
Hatton

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              389 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                            Derby Evening Telegraph

                            April 16, 2008 Wednesday

Review

SECTION: Pg. 19

LENGTH: 207 words


The Chuckle Brothers     Derby Assembly Rooms

YOU know what you are going to get from the Chuckle Brothers.

It's not ground-breaking comedy. It's pie-in-the-face panto slapstick and
shout-them-out catchphrases with a couple of songs, a bit of magic and a plot
that is just about sturdy enough to hang a few old gags and routines on.

There is absolutely nothing wrong with that.

You would be disappointed if you went to see the London Symphony Orchestra play
Beethoven only for them to give you the modern jazz version and the same
applies when Paul and Barry make their annual visit.

You know what they do. The secret of what makes them so very good is how they do
what they do.

In that respect, their latest offering - Indiana Chuckles and the Kingdom of the
Mythical Sulk - did not let anyone down.

The supporting cast is much the same year after year and so are the jokes but,
importantly, so too is the charm of the Chuckles experience.

If you enter the theatre really determined not to enjoy it, the chances are you
won't but, for everyone else, it is practically impossible not to laugh along
when the people on stage are having such tremendous fun.

This applies for young and old because parents love the Chuckles as much as the
kids.

Mark Eklid

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Derby Evening Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved

                              390 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                               The Sun (England)

                            March 12, 2008 Wednesday

Meet my new Chuckle Brothers

BYLINE: Dan McGinn

LENGTH: 127 words


(Photograph) - MARTIN McGuinness replaced his Chuckle Brother pal Ian Paisley at
Stormont yesterday - with a bunch of MUPPETS.

Northern Ireland's Deputy First Minister, who almost became friends with the
firebrand DUP leader before he announced his retirement last week, met his new
pals at the launch of the North's version of SESAME STREET.

The Sinn Fein politician was greeted by Sesame Tree muppets Hilda the hyper
Irish hare and fluffy pink furball Potto on the Northern set of the hit show.

Laughing with his new pals, McGuinness declared: "It is especially apt at this
time that the focus of Sesame Tree is helping children learn about each other
and the diverse society in which they live." Twenty episodes of the show will be
broadcast on BBC from April 5.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved

                              391 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                               December 30, 2002

The Snow Queen Heads A Glittering Cast

SECTION: News; Ents; TV/Radio; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 166 words


Tonight and TOMORROW: Aladdin The Chuckle Brothers headline the Regent's annual
fun-filled pantomime.

The Regent, Hanley, 7.30pm. 01782 213800.

Aladdin Chloe Newsome (Vicki McDonald (from Coronation Street) and Lee Cornes
(Mr Hankin from Grange Hill) star.

Buxton Opera House, 7pm. 01298 72190.

The Snow QueenThe New Vic's production Hans Christian Andersen's beautifully
woven fairy tale.

New Victoria Theatre, Basford, 7.30pm. 01782 717962 Jack And The Beanstalk Freya
Copeland leads the cast in the Stafford panto.

Gatehouse Theatre, Stafford, 7pm.

Dick Whittington Bernie Clifton, Dr Evadne Hinge, and Diane Youdale from
Gladiators are the star names .

Lyceum Theatre, Crewe, 3pm. 01270 537333 TONIGHT Battle Of The Bands Final of
the talent quest to find the best local rock act.

Limelight, Crewe, 7.30pm. 01270 537333.

TOMORROW: Achtung Baby U2 tribute act deliver the band's biggest hits.

Limelight, Crewe, 7.30pm. 01270 537333.

Caption:

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2002 The Sentinel (Stoke)

                              392 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                           Coventry Evening Telegraph

                            January 4, 2000, Tuesday

SPARKLING FARE FOR CENTRE'S STAGE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 159 words


A PACKED programme of music, dance, comedy and entertainment is lined up for
Leamington's Royal Spa Centre.

Stars such as Ken Dodd and Pam Ayres will be among the many household names
performing at the Newbold Terrace centre over the next few weeks.

Other well-known acts include Elkie Brooks, The Chuckle Brothers, The Glenn
Miller Orchestra and King Pleasure and the Biscuit Boys.

Former Supreme Mary Wilson will be joined by Edwin Starr for a celebration of
Motown's greatest hits in Dancing in the Streets on March 27.

There will also be a feast of music from jazz bands, tribute bands and youth
marching bands.

Ken Dodd's February 29 performance is already a sell-out, with all 800 tickets
being snapped up within days of going on sale.

For younger audiences, there will be shows such as Three Little Pigs, Jack and
Jill's Nursery Rhyme Adventure and the WAGS gangshow.

Show tickets can be booked on 01926 334418.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2000 Coventry Newspapers Limited

                              393 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                          Future News - Media Planner

                            December 23, 2013 Monday

The Chuckle Brothers guest edit Christmas issue of The Northern Echo

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 87 words


Christmas Eve edition of The Northern Echo guest edited by The Chuckle Brothers,
raising money for St Teresa's Hospice in Darlington. Editor Peter Barron asked
Barry and Paul to chair yesterday's lunchtime news conference and judge a
Christmas cracker competition after seeing them perform in the 'Aladdin'
pantomime at Darlington Civic Theatre, running until 12 Jan.
 Today is Barry Elliott aka Barry Chuckle's 69th birthday

Event Start Date: 2013-12-24

Event End Date: 2013-12-24

Event URL: http://www.thenorthernecho.co.uk/

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                             Copyright 2013 Precise
                              All Rights Reserved

                              394 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                South Wales Echo

                           December 9, 2009 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

To me to yule!;
Oh dear, oh dear! The Chuckle Brothers are back to tickle your funny bone, with
their own take on an old Christmas classic... by Charles Doughnut!

BYLINE: Charles Doughnut

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 558 words


ENTHUSIASTIC comedy duo the Chuckle Brothers bring their tour to South Wales
next week, writes Wil Treasure.

Paul and Barry - best known for catchphrases like "To me, to you!" - have been
performing together for more than 40 years, but insist they aren't tired of it
just yet.

"We might ease down a bit. Maybe a little tour like this, the wife might finally
let me buy a boat," laughs Paul, the younger brother by three years.

"I collect my pension at Christmas!" interrupts Barry, who is 65 on Christmas
Eve. The pair's latest show, A Christmas Chuckle, arrives at St David's Hall on
Monday.

They say that they're enjoying being on the road after several single venue
shows in previous years.

"It's going brilliantly, really fab audiences," saysPaul. "People keep telling
us that it's the best showwe've done so far." Surprisingly, the brothers - who
won a Children's SpecialAward at last year's BAFTAs - say they've taken the easy
option by doing a tour this year.

"We wanted Christmas off!" says Paul. "We enjoyed a pantomime tour two years ago
and this year we thought we'd do it again."

In A Christmas Chuckle, Ebenezer Sneezer, played by Paul, is mean and lacking in
Christmas spirit.

He and kind-hearted brother Bob Scratchit, played by Barry, are visited by three
ghosts who attempt to show them the path to true kindness and good spirit.

It might be a traditional story (although the pair claim to have based it on
Charles Doughnut's adaptation) but it comes with that familiar Chuckle twist.

After so long in the business you'd think it must be hard for the Rotherham-born
brothers to keep their shows fresh. Not true, say the moustached pair.

"We just keep it fresh by being ourselves," says Paul. "It's like Chuckle-Vision
- people said we'd struggle to do 27 episodes, we've now done 309!" A new series
of ChuckleVision starts on BBC One this Friday and the show is now in its 22nd
year.

The pair have an army of fans, not least among the student population who have
grown up with their slapstick comedy. But they say they never envisaged being
children's performers. "We worked for 23 years slogging around the country,"
says Paul. "One afternoon in Manchester, there were only 28 people in the crowd.
What we didn't know was there was a producer and director in the audience. But,
you never know who's going to be there, so you've got to perform for every
audience."

Despite playing a Christmas grump, Paul says he loves Christmas, but in quite a
different way to his brother.

"I'm completely the opposite to the part I'm playing," says Paul. "I don't have
a gripe. I find everything brilliant at Christmas. My perfect day is having the
family round and no arguments, no bad news on the telly."

Barry says he's not a fan of having to get up to work on Boxing Day, so is glad
to have time off after this year's tour. But, unlike Paul, he does have some
issue with Christmas.

"If I get a pair of socks I think 'Oh dear, oh dear!'" he laughs, echoing
another of their famous catchphrases.

"My best present was an electric train set," Paul butts in.

"I was about 10, and I'd never had anything so nice."

"Mine was, would you believe it, a roll top desk! That shows how different we
are," chuckles Barry.

"But as long as Rotherham United win on Boxing Day I'm happy," he adds.

The box office number is 029 2087 8444.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: sw


                    Copyright 2009 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              395 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                   Irish News

                           January 16, 2008 Wednesday

The Wednesday Column - NIO would be happy if past just went away

BYLINE: Brian Feeney

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 676 words


No sign of a Victims Commissioner yet. Clearly the Chuckle Brothers can't agree
on a name.

The real challenge for them is to agree on a name that would have complete
support from their own supporters. You will have spotted that this is a divided
community. Each community therefore expects a different emphasis from a victims
commissioner.

The problem is compounded by the fact that the DUP believed they had scored a
penalty when our former and unlamented proconsul, the beautifully maintained
Peter Hain, appointed someone the DUP approved of.

Now, if the Chuckle Brothers present someone who is not obviously DUP-approved,
it will look like one-nil to Sinn Fein. Worse, it will look as if Sinn Fein has
not only successfully declared the DUP's penalty null and void but scored one of
their own. And you wonder why it's taking so long? Let's look at the appointment
another way. Rather than arguing about who should be appointed and paid £65,000
a year, why not have another look at the point of the whole idea.

It arose as the NIO's attempt to pacify the growing clamour of victims groups
which now number about 60, yes 60, most of whom are in receipt of public money.

Originally the response of the British administration here was to invent the
role of victims' minister. They tagged it on to the duties of Adam Ingram, the
security minister.

Were they being ironic? Did the NIO know something about victims and the
security forces here that we didn't? Were they having a laugh?

The truth is they hadn't a clue what to do but clearly even the NIO couldn't
sustain having their security minister responsible for victims. Would it not be
better if the British administration washed their hands of them? Why not appoint
a victims' commissioner, independent, nothing to do with the government and
completely powerless, unlike a minister who has to answer questions in the
Commons?

Commissioners are all the rage with Labour. In fact David Blunkett, when home
secretary, also proposed in March 2002 appointing a victims' commissioner to
speak for victims of crime. Needless to say, this person would be, all together
now, 'independent and must have teeth'.

Ever hear of this person again? No? Who is the person in charge of Victim
Support NI? No idea? Now you see the advantage from the NIO point of view of
having a victims' commissioner?

Some time when you have nothing better to do, have a look at the powers of the
proposed victims' commissioner laid out in the Victims and Survivors (Northern
Ireland) Order 2006. It won't take long.

To save you the bother, the answer is that the victims' commissioner won't have
any powers other than to look after the interests of victims and review best
practice and award funds for research concerning the interests of victims,
nothing that can't already be done and isn't already being done by an anonymous
civil servant.

As you see, appointing a victims' commissioner is pointless unless you're in
government. If you are, you can say, if anyone asks what you're doing about
victims of the Troubles, "Oh but we've appointed a victims' commissioner with a
big expensive office and fat salary. "That's how seriously we take the issue."

Already the fact is that the concept of victims' commissioner has proved to be
unsuccessful in its original aim of making the clamour from the relatives of
those killed and injured in the Troubles die down. You can see that because the
NIO has moved on. 'Dealing with victims' is no longer enough to pacify
relatives. Letting victims groups do it themselves didn't work. A mere
commissioner to coordinate them won't do.

Therefore the appointment of the doomed Eames-Bradley commission to advise on
'how to handle the past' - the latest work in progress.

Would you be surprised if the NIO had already decided 'how to handle the past'
and had appointed poor old Eames and Bradley to provide cover, a bit like the
management consultants they're so fond of but not as expensive?

One thing is certain, there'll be no truth commission. What the NIO really wants
is to find a way to make the past go away.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 The Irish News Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              396 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                       EVENING CHRONICLE (Newcastle, UK)

                            March 1, 2006 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1

Chuckle Brothers add date

BYLINE: By The Evening Chronicle

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 77 words


Children will have double the number of chuckles after TV favourites The Chuckle
Brothers added another North East show to their tour.

Hapless heroes Paul and Barry Chuckle star in Doctor What And The Attack Of The
Garlics, at the Sunderland Empire on April 16.

They have added a performance at 5pm to the 2pm matinee of their intergalactic
adventure.

Tickets are priced £12 for adults and £10 for children.

Information is available from the box office on 0870 602 1130.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              397 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                   The People

                            January 15, 2006, Sunday

BEEB'S BOOB IS SKETCHY

BYLINE: BUSHELL

SECTION: 1 Star Edition; FEATURES; Pg. 40

LENGTH: 128 words


OH great. A whole series of Tittybangbang, the show that makes the Chuckle
Brothers seem like Alan Bennett. If someone without a sense of humour had set
out to make Little Britain for women, they couldn't have done a worse job.

Grotesque characters, feeble catchphrases, sketches so limp you'd dip your head
in a vat of bird flu rather than endure any more of them...Dire.

Vicky Pollard made us laugh cos she was recognisable. Where do middle-class
women crochet half naked? It's neither real nor surreally funny. When Pete and
Dud created a "publicity-shy" actress who went shopping in a tank shouting
"Leave me alone" it was satire. When TTB's Italian maid (Lucy Montgomery, left)
says: "Don't look at me, it's so boring", it's a statement of fact.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                            Copyright 2006 MGN Ltd.

                              398 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            Nottingham Evening Post

                               December 12, 2000

ALL RIGHT JACK

SECTION: News, Pg.2

LENGTH: 51 words


Keiran Jones, ten, from Mansfield, meets Jack and the Beanstalk stars the
Chuckle Brothers and Bonnie Langford, backstage at the Theatre Royal on opening
night as part of his prize for winning a panto programme competition. Keiran's
design is on the cover of programmes for the show

POSTPHOTO 2k8787/9

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                     Copyright 2000 Nottingham Evening Post

                              399 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                              Scunthorpe Telegraph

                             March 5, 2015 Thursday

SECTION: ENTS:OTHER; Pg. 42-43

LENGTH: 333  words


THE Chuckle Brothers will perform The Chuckles of Oz at the Baths Hall in
Scunthorpe at 2pm on Sunday (March 8).  Tickets are £14 or £52 for a family
ticket. Call 0844 8542776 or book at bathshall.co.uk

THE 95th North Lincolnshire Music and Drama Festival begins on Monday (March 8).
It runs until Saturday, March 21, and classes will be held at St John's Church,
the Angel Suite and the Vale Academy, all in Brigg.

FOLK band Babajack will perform at Ropery Hall in Barton-Upon-  Humber at 8pm
tomorrow (Friday, March 6).  Tickets are £12 in advance or £14 on the door. Call
01652 660380 or book at roperyhall.co.uk

AN EXHIBITION by the Scunthorpe Art Group Society can now be viewed at North
Lincolnshire Museum.  More than 50 pieces are on display and available to
purchase until Sunday, April 26.  Call 01724 843533.

THE Wilsons with Dave Vermond will perform at the Angel Suite in Brigg from
7.30pm on Saturday (March 7).  Tickets are £12 in advance or £14 on the door.
Call 01652 657053 or 01652 678771.

THE Scunthorpe Musical Theatre Society's production of Love, Life and Lyrics
will be staged at 7.30pm nightly at the Plowright Theatre in Scunthorpe until
Saturday (March 7).  Tickets are £12 adults and £10 concessions. Call 0844
8542776 or book at plowrighttheatre.com

A SCREENING of the film Northern Soul will be held at Ropery Hall in
Barton-Upon-  Humber at 7.30pm tonight (Thursday, March 5).  Admission is £4.
Call 01652 660380.

IMOGEN Wilde will give a talk on spiders for Scunthorpe Museum Society at St
Bernadette's Church Hall at 7.15pm on Monday (March 9).  Non-members are
welcome. Call 01724 869440.

A MEZZOPOINT print workshop will be held at the 20-21 Visual Arts Centre in
Scunthorpe from 10am to 4pm on Saturday (March 7).  Places are for over-18s only
and cost £30.  Book on 01724 297070.

A LIGHTLINES exhibition   by Gill Hobson will begin at The Ropewalk in
Barton-Upon-Humber on Saturday (March 7).  It will run until Sunday, April 19,
and admission is free. Call  01652 660380.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: folk band: Babajack will perform in Barton on Friday
to me, to you: The Chuckle Brothers in The Chuckles of Oz

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved

                              400 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (England)

                            October 24, 2014 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

Tinchy Stryder and Chuckle [...]

SECTION: FEATURES; OPINION COLUMN; Pg. 18,19

LENGTH: 61 words


Q Tinchy Stryder and Chuckle Brothers air video for To Tinchy Stryder and
Chuckle Brothers air video for To Me, To You charity single Q Orlando Bloom
denies Me, To You charity single Q Orlando Bloom denies dating Selena Gomez Q
Noel Gallagher dating Selena Gomez Q Noel Gallagher releases video for comeback
releases video for comeback song in The Heat Of The Moment

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUNscot


                    Copyright 2014 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved

                              401 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                              Sheffield Telegraph

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday

Giggle galore as Chuckle Brothers meet Sheffield fans

LENGTH: 208  words


Giggles galore were guaranteed when South Yorkshire comedy favourites the
Chuckle Brothers came to call with copies of their new autobiography.

The lads from Rotherham were at WH Smith in Sheffield city centre, meeting
dozens of fans of all ages who had queued to get their hands on Fifty Years of
To Me...To You, named after their most famous catchphrase.

Paul, aged 66, said he had written most of the book - but Barry, 69, had been in
charge of the inkwell.

And the pair were quick to point out that the book wasn't all about fun and
laughter - but also lifted the lid on personal tragedies which they had endured
behind the scenes.

The book marks half a century in showbusiness for the pair and includes a
tribute from legendary comic Ken Dodd.

It recounts their upbringing in Rotherham and Barry's early days in a boy band,
and reveals how they played their first gig as a duo at the Palladium in
Edinburgh as a rather different song and dance act.

And there are tales galore from the tough times - including several seasons
working at holiday camps where Paul says Barry in his yellow blazer looked like
an anaemic daffodil'.

But fans were keener to hear about the couple's glory days as top kids'
entertainers on their hit TV show, Chucklevision.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NSTE


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              402 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                            July 20, 2011 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Potty pair to star in Potter show

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 98 words


As the hype around the final Harry Potter film continues, the Chuckle Brothers
are offering their own take on the boy wizard.

The Ghostly Shadows - with Barry Potty, and his Full Blood Brother Paul - runs
at Scarborough's Futurist Theatre until September.

"The show is based loosely on the Harry Potter films but it's like a pantomime,
I suppose," said Barry - the shorter of the hirsute brothers. When & where:
Every Thursday, from Thursday, July 28, to Thursday, September 1, 7pm. Futurist
Theatre, Foreshore Road, Scarborough. Tickets £13.50. Call 01723 365789. Link
www.futuristtheatre.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ON STAGE: The Chuckle Brothers in The Ghostly Shadows.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDM


                         Copyright 2011 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved

                              403 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                               December 28, 2002

Freya'S Home For Christmas And She'S All Right Jack

SECTION: Features; Arts; Previews; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 176 words


Tonight: Aladdin They're chuckling in the aisles as The Chuckle Brothers
headline The Regent's annual fun-filled pantomime.

The Regent, Hanley, 7.30pm. 01782 213800.

Aladdin Chloe Newsome (Vicki McDonald from Coronation Street) and Lee Cornes (Mr
Hankin from Grange Hill) star in Buxton's traditional pantomime which allows the
genie out of the lamp.

Buxton Opera House, 7pm. 01298 72190.

The Snow Queen The New Vic's Christmas production is Hans Christian Andersen's
beautifully woven fairy tale about hearts which turn to ice.

New Victoria Theatre, Basford, 7.30pm. 01782 717962.

Jack And The Beanstalk Emmerdale's ex-policewoman and Stafford girl Freya
Copeland leads the cast.

Gatehouse Theatre, Stafford, 7pm. 01785 254653.

Dick Whittington Bernie Clifton and his bird, Dr Evadne Hinge and Diane Youdale
from Gladiators are the star names in the Crewe pantomime.

Crewe Lyceum, 7.30pm. 01270 537333.

By Jovi Get those mullets out for this Bon Jovi tribute act.

Limelight, Crewe. 01270 251929.

Caption:

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2002 The Sentinel (Stoke)

                              404 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            Evening News (Edinburgh)

                             April 9, 2001, Monday

REVIEW SPLAT-ON SLAPSTICK . .OH NO IT WASN'T

BYLINE: Dave Powell

SECTION: Pg. 25

LENGTH: 288 words


The Chuckle Brothers The Playhouse

THERE'S always been something suspicious about the Children's TV antics of the
Chuckle Brothers - two grown men who seem to enjoy buffoonery just that little
bit too much.

But try telling that to the hordes of wee people who packed out the Playhouse,
waving glowsticks with hero-worshipping fervour. Every bit as ebullient in the
flesh as on screen, the Brothers whipped up a pantomime atmosphere, managing to
hold the attention of their juvenile fans by sporadically pelting them with
"spiders" (rice) and encouraging uproarious "Oh no it isn'ts".

Mummy and Daddy weren't safe either, four unlucky specimens being dragged on to
the stage to partake in a gunge-soaked rendition of the Goldilocks story. The
plot, not that it mattered much, featured our gurning heroes being sent to
"cheer up" a haunted hotel, with predictably slapstick consequences. Custard
pies, messy cooking and plate smashing abounded as Paul and Barry pratfalled
their way to inevitable triumph.

OK, so it was hardly Shakespeare, but it was never meant to be. Sturdy,
kiddie-pleasing fun throughout, the Chuckles' show contained most of the "best"
gags from their tried and tested series.

The major letdowns were the two extended, luminous puppet shows that, whilst
entertaining enough, should have been far shorter. Also incongruous was a
Ghostbusters pastiche that would have flown straight over the heads of the
assembled under-tens. There were far too few "To me, to yous", and,
disgracefully, not a Chucklehound to be seen.

But the kids got what they came for - and full respect to Barry and Paul, who
obliged their audience by signing autographs for everyone after the show.


LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                 Copyright 2001 The Scotsman Publications Ltd.

                              405 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                            October 19, 2007 Friday

Anything for a Chuckle;
It took two decades, but violinist Brian Boychuk and his brother are glad to be
cartoonists

BYLINE: Bruce DeMara, Toronto Star

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. E13

LENGTH: 410 words


CartoonsWhen he wasn't playing violin with the National Arts Centre Orchestra,
Brian Boychuk fiddled with the idea of becoming a cartoonist.

After mulling over the idea with his brother, Ron, for two decades, they joined
forces with graphic artist/designer Ronnie Martin to create Chuckle Bros.

The cartoon runs in 36 newspapers across Canada, including the Star on
Saturdays.

As a result of a deal with Torstar Syndication Services, the comic strip is
poised to expand its reach into the U.S. market on Monday.

Boychuk, meanwhile, will play with the NAC orchestra, conducted by Pinchas
Zukerman, at Roy Thomson Hall tomorrow at 8 p.m.

"I still think of myself as a violinist. But we're cartoonists and I tell you,
it is a full-time job," Boychuk says.

"The only experience I can say I have for cartooning is that I've read them all
my life. I know cartoons inside out, I know what works, what doesn't work.

"My brother and I have ... said, when we'd read a cartoon, 'Well, we could do
better.'

"We bantered around for many years, actually 20 years, that we could do it
(cartooning), we should do that, why don't we? It was one of the things that we
could never get around to doing, like cleaning your garage."

Until recently, that is.

Boychuk said he made the final decision to proceed with the comic strip during a
vacation in P.E.I.

One idea soon became a stack of doodles and, by Christmas 2003, the brothers
decided to go forward.

They began to search for an illustrator who would be prepared to work "on spec,"
someone willing to wait until the comic was picked up.

That turned out to be Martin, whom Boychuk met at a children's concert in
Ottawa.

Their first book, On the Road, was launched two years ago with a splashy
reception at the National Arts Centre and the orchestra's full support.

"All of the NAC people, they're just reading my cartoons and cheering me on,"
Boychuk says.

Chuckle Bros. was picked up last year by Star Syndication Services.

Unlike most cartoonists - lone wolves like Bill Waterston, Jim Unger and retired
Far Side cartoonist Gary Larson - the brothers work as a team.

"A lot of cartoonists tend to be secluded and hermetic. We're of one mind, it's
just incredible. We often finish each other's sentences. We really think the
same," Boychuk says

The brothers get together a couple of times a week to hash out new ideas.

Says Boychuk, "A lot of it is just gag stuff. But we pride ourselves on being
just a little bit more intelligent than just gags."

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Violinist Brian Boychuk, as illustrated by Ronnie Martin, right,
performs with NAC Orchestra at Roy Thomson Hall tomorrow.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2007 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                              406 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                               The Sun (England)

                              July 3, 2015 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                Northern Ireland

Spall's all set for a Chuckle Bros role

BYLINE: JASON JOHNSON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 127 words


FILMMAKERS are hunting for an actor to play Martin McGuinness - after casting
Timothy Spall as Rev Ian Paisley.

Co Down screenwriter Colin Bateman yesterday confirmed that his movie The
Journey starts shooting in two months, telling Facebook followers: "All very
exciting".

It will tell the story of the unlikely "Chuckle Brothers" bonding of DUP
firebrand Rev Paisley and former Provo McGuinness after their election as
Stormont leaders in 2007.

Spall, 58, who has played Winston Churchill, will take on Paisley.

Killing Bono director Nick Hamm has yet to cast the McGuinness role, sparking
rumours that local star James Nesbitt could be in the running.

Folk rocker Art Garfunkel, 71 - often compared in looks to the Sinn Fein bigwig
- is not thought to be interested.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Paisley part ... Spall

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUN


                    Copyright 2015 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved

                              407 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                              May 31, 2015 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                Northern Ireland

McGuinness and Paisley to be upstaged by Chuckle Brothers

BYLINE: JOHN BURNS

SECTION: EDITORIAL; OPINION COLUMNS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 136 words


Rumours that Kenneth Branagh and Liam Neeson are to play Martin McGuinness and
Ian Paisley, respectively, in a forthcoming movie are, sadly, untrue.

However, a movie is being made. The Journey is about the Chuckle Brothers taking
a car journey together after a long time of not being in contact.

Colin Bateman, he of Divorcing Jack, is writing the script. Nick Hamm, who
directed Killing Bono, is helming. It's being produced by Greenroom
Entertainment, who did Rogue, a TV series for the American market starring
Thandie Newton. A producer tells Atticus the production is at the casting stage.

So how did those Branagh/Neeson rumours get started? Our man points out Neeson
previously said he admired Paisley and reckons the false reports, which came
from Cannes and trickled into the film trade press, stemmed from that.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2015 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              408 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                            Birmingham Evening Mail

                             June 11, 2013 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Chuckle Brother Grant;
VIEWS

SECTION: LETTERS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 103 words


CONSERVATIVE Party chairman Grant Shapps must have been successful with his
application to become one of the Chuckle Brothers if he thinks that the
Northfield constituency seat will fall to the Tories.

Thousands of Birmingham council workers thrown out of work and onto the scrap
heap with the promise of thousands more to come from George Osborne; our
pensioners under attack for the benefits they are entitled to; the poor of our
society suffering horrendously - take it from me, Grant, the Northfield Tories
have as much chance as winning as I have of becoming Lionel Messi and playing
for Barcelona.

AJ Davis, Northfield

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BMM


               Copyright 2013 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              409 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                Hull Daily Mail

                                  May 12, 2004

On a blue note

SECTION: News; Other; Letters; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 69 words


..

Just a note about the Blue concert. Good day out. Darius was brilliant,
Freefaller were good too.  Only two bad points: There was no big screen so two
of Blue could have been the Chuckle Brothers for all anyone would know.

The sound was bad. We were in block E and could hardly hear any words at all,
only music.

Other than that an excellent day.

Mrs A Laing, Ellesmere Avenue, Hull

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

                         Copyright 2004 Hull Daily Mail

                              410 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            Nottingham Evening Post

                                August 31, 2002

Funny Brothers' London Base

SECTION: Features; General; Letters; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 283 words


Question: Can anyone supply me with an address for The Chuckle Brothers?  Mrs
Walters ANSWER: Write via agent Phil Dale, 11/13 Broad Court, Covent Garden,
London WC2B 5QN.

Tell me the way to Weymouth QUESTION: Can anyone supply me with a recommended
route by road from Nottingham to Weymouth, Dorset?  MRA ANSWER: M. Oakland has
provided the following: Take the A453 to Junction 24 of M1 then A42-M42 south.
Turn left at J 3A onto M40 Warwick. Turn right at the island on to A429
Moreton-in Marsh (comfort stop). Stow, Northleach. At Cirencester turn left on
A419 to Swindon, over M4 on to A346 Marlborough.

At Burbage on to A338 Salisbury ring road, watch out for a slight fork left on
to A354 (don't follow right bend for Salisbury or you'll go through the city).
Take the A354 Blandford Forum (for another stop, turn right into Blandford,
through centre, bear left at the road end and there is a small cafe just before
the car park on the left.) Continue on the same road to pick up A354 again,
right on A35 towards Dorchester, pick up A354 again to Weymouth.

Top pops Further to the information regarding pop programmes on television, Tony
Sherwood informs me that I didn't mention the most important TV pop show Oh Boy
(1959-60) which was responsible for discovering Cliff Richard, Marty Wilde,
Billy Fury etc. The producer was the legendary Jack Good.

Can anyone help settle an argument regarding Trent Bridge? Is it correct that in
the 1940s the bridge could be closed off by huge wrought iron gates at either
end of the bridge? Also, was there a police box that resembled a sentry box,
between the tannery and the gates at the Nottingham end?  Mr Peet Caption:

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                     Copyright 2002 Nottingham Evening Post

                              411 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                    The Sun

                                 April 19, 2000

NATALIE APPLETON

BYLINE: Marina Hyde

SECTION: UK CONFIDENTIAL

LENGTH: 78 words


    WELL look what the cat's dragged up - our good old friend NATALIE APPLETON,
kitted out as a bloke for new flick Honest. And gagging for a cheap lookalike I
think you'll agree - anything from the CHUCKLE BROTHERS to ADOLF HITLER.

    But where's the fun in that? So I've got the All Saint as a dead ringer for
legendary Liverpool striker IAN RUSH, who scored no fewer than 281 times in his
career.

    Which by my calculations is exactly 37 less than Natalie.


LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2000 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD

                              412 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            Herald Express (Torquay)

                                January 18, 2000

All set fora summerof laughter

BYLINE: By

SECTION: News;Ents;Performing Arts, Pg.2

LENGTH: 171 words


THE wraps today came off Torbay's summer shows line-up - with a comedy bonanza
set to get the Bay giggling.

The comic charge will be led by Cannon and Ball and Frank Carson.

Also lining up to shoot from the hip are Johnnie Casson, Bucks Fizz, the Roly
Polys and the Chuckle Brothers.

A Sunday show has yet to be finalised.

The Comedy Bonanza was a sell-out last year in the most successful summer season
ever at Blackpool's Grand Theatre, sparking showbiz talk of a revival in the
variety format.

On the evidence of the Grand's sell -out showing, reports of the death of
variety are greatly exaggerated.

Princess Theatre general manager Wendy Bennett said she was 'thrilledi at the
prospect of the season, which receives its grand opening on July 25.

Waiting

'This is what we have been waiting for, something for everyone with a return to
the long-running traditional variety show, packed with fun and laughter and with
a host of household names.i

Tickets go on sale on January 19 - box office 01803 290290

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                         Copyright 2000 Herald Express

                              413 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Mirror

                             May 25, 1999, Tuesday

IT MAY SEEM FILLY TO SOME

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 71 words


RACEHORSE owner Jack Clayton has won a fight to saddle his latest filly with a
silly name.

It's Tometoyoutoyoutome, catchphrase of kids' TV stars the Chuckle Brothers.

Racing's administrators ruled that the name was too much of a mouthful.

But Jack, from Blackpool, appealed to the Jockey Club and triumphed.

He said: "You are allowed 18 letters including a space. Tometoyoutoyoutome is
within that."

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Copyright 1999 MGN Ltd.

                              414 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                              Doncaster Free Press

                            October 20, 2014 Monday

Chuckle Brother star is Doncaster Rovers Open All Hours traitor'

LENGTH: 168  words


Children's television favourite Barry Chuckle has revealed he felt like a
traitor while filming the new series of Open All Hours in Doncaster.

For the comic star, real name Barry Elliott and one half of the much-loved
Chuckle Brothers with his brother Paul, was forced to wear Doncaster Rovers gear
for the filming shoot in Balby - even though he is a diehard Rotherham United
fan.

The star tweeted a picture of himself on the set in Lister Avenue sporting a
Rovers scarf and coat with the caption: "This is my outfit for Still Open All
Hours. Makes me feel like a traitor'!!!"

His character briefly appeared in the Christmas special of the corner shop
sitcom revival and it is thought he has reprised the role for the new series,
filming of which took place in Doncaster earlier this year.

Studio filming is currently underway and the series is set to air later this
year.

The Rotheram born stars are both huge fans of the New York Stadium based club
and were appointed honorary presidents of the Millers in 2007.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NDFP


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              415 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Evening Gazette

                            August 9, 2014 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Signed up for a good chuckle

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 125 words


TELEVISION favourites the Chuckle Brothers have celebrated 50 years in show
business with the release of their autobiography, The Chuckle Brothers: Fifty
Years of To Me... To You.

And today, on the latest leg of their book signing tour, Paul and Barry arrived
at WH Smith in the Cleveland Centre, at 12pm.

Written by Paul Chuck-k le, the book talks about the boys' upbringing in
Rotherham and their entrance into show business, revealing Barry's days in a boy
band and the brothers' first gig together as a song and dance act.

From the early days of working men's clubs to coping with personal tragedies,
and becoming household names through in the hugely popular ChuckleVision, and
their theatre tours, the book is everything a chuckle fan could ask for.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EGM


                    Copyright 2014 Gazette Media Company Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              416 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                          Future News - Media Planner

                             June 24, 2014 Tuesday

Chuckle Brother Barry Elliott celebrates 70th birthday

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Grey Market; Celebrity

LENGTH: 42 words


70th birthday of Barry Elliott, British comedian known as one half of children's
entertainers the Chuckle Brothers along with his brother Paul. Their shows incl
'ChuckleVision' and 'To Me...To You...'

Event Start Date: 2014-12-24

Event End Date: 2014-12-24

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                             Copyright 2014 Precise
                              All Rights Reserved

                              417 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                              Retford Times series

                                January 31, 2013

Funny pair head back to a theatre they know well

SECTION: Pg. 22

LENGTH: 241  words


Audiences at Retford's Majestic Theatre are preparing to 'Chuckle' as a famous
comedy double act rolls into town.

The Chuckle Brothers - real names Paul and Barry Elliott - will be performing
their new stage show 'Chuckle Brothers Meet the Phantom' at the venue on
Saturday February 9 as part of a national tour.

The notorious TV pair - known for their catchphrase 'to me, to you' - are yearly
visitors to the Majestic, and this year will be joined on stage by their elder
brothers Jimmy and Brian.

The new play tells the story of a struggling theatre owner whose stage is
haunted by a phantom who wishes to drive the manager away and turn the venue
into a car park.

The Chuckles are called in to save the day.

Brothers Jimmy and Brian - who also perform together as the Patton Brothers -
will be taking the roles of the phantom and the theatre manager.

"We're going to rehearse at the Majestic a few days before our show; it's a nice
intimate venue and the volunteer staff are brilliant. We've had some great times
there over the years," Barry told the Times.

The spectacular also features an illusionist called Sapphire and several other
spooky characters.

"We've been coming to Retford for the past eight or nine years - whenever they
can fit us in! Tickets usually sell well here but as we're on stage in Norfolk
the next day we won't have the chance to see much of the town," added Barry.

Tickets are now available from the Majestic box office on 706866.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 91


                    Copyright 2013 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              418 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                          December 19, 2012 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

MyWorkingDay ...;
The Chuckle Brothers Pantomime performers in Hull New Theatre

SECTION: THE BUSINESS;BUSINESS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 316 words


CAR: Mazda Working day Paul: I wake up at about 9.15am and watch some TV in bed
with a cup of tea. I get up at 10am and make breakfast, and watch Homes Under
the Hammer while I eat.;

As we're performing in the pantomime at Hull New Theatre, Sleeping Beauty, until
January, I get picked up at 12.15pm each day to travel to Hull for the matinee
at 2pm. Between shows, I grab a bite to eat and start the evening performance at
7pm.;

I finish at 9.15pm and get home at around 10.30pm, before watching a recording
of Corrie or Eastenders and going to bed.;

Barry: I get up at 10.30am and have breakfast, before I leave at 12.15pm to get
to the theatre for 1.30pm to get into costume.;

I do two performances of Sleeping Beauty and drive home in the evening. I watch
a bit of TV to relax before heading to bed at around 2am.;

Down time P: In my downtime I do like to relax as much as possible, but I
haven't had much time for that lately as my wife has been in hospital. She has
had surgery recently but all is well and she will be back to normal by the end
of February next year. I haven't had any down time since November but my wife is
completely worth it!;

B: I love playing golf in my spare time. I also enjoy gardening and, of course,
being with my granddaughters.;

Vital statistics MARITAL STATUS: P - Married. B - Married for 42 years.;

EDUCATION: P - Of course! B - Secondary Modern.;

FIRST JOB: P - Comedy double-act. B - Singing and dancing in a very early
"boyband" at 15 years old.;

HOME: P Doncaster. B - A converted barn in a village outside Rotherham. CAR: P -
A Jaguar XF. B - Red Mazda RX8.;

BOOK: P - William Hill B - Robinson Crusoe.;

MUSIC: P - Black Eyed Peas. B - Rolling Stones and Adele. FILM: P - Groundhog
Day. B - Any starring Robert De Niro.. GADGET: P - iPad. B - The essentials -
iPad, iPhone and Nintendo DS.;

LAST HOLIDAY: P - Kefalonia. B - At my holiday home on the Costa Blanca, Spain

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MUSIC: Paul is a fan of pop singer Adele.
LAUGH A MINUTE: The Chuckle Brothers. From left, Barry and Paul.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDM


                         Copyright 2012 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved

                              419 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                              DAILY MAIL (London)

                           February 8, 2012 Wednesday

IT'S NEVER MUCH FUN WHEN THE CHUCKLE BROTHERS TURN UP

BYLINE: By MARTIN SAMUEL

LENGTH: 1957 words


It is rarely a good sign when the Chuckle Brothers turn up unannounced at the
Chelsea training ground. Once is bad enough, but twice in four days and it may
be time to pack a suitcase.

Roman Abramovich, the club owner, and friends were there again yesterday,
following a surprise visit last week.Those familiar with Chelsea's recent
history acknowledge a familiar pattern. First the visits, then the temperature
drops, finally the bullet.

Following Saturday's house call by Abramovich, throwing away a 3-0 lead against
Manchester United the next day was probably not Andre Villas-Boas's smartest
move.

Neither was Abramovich's decision to sack Carlo Ancelotti, to be fair. A quick
look at Chelsea's latest financial figures show the club is down £620million in
the Roman years, including a £67.7m loss for the year ending June 30, 2011.

Worryingly, that figure includes just 20 per cent of the £75m paid for Fernando
Torres and David Luiz, both of whom will have fallen in value, one alarmingly,
and none of the £65m spent on Juan Mata, Romelu Lukaku, Raul Meireles, Oriol
Romeu and Thibaud Courtois.

So, what is included? Paying off Ancelotti and buying Villas-Boas out from
Porto. Almost 50 per cent of last year's debt is down to another upheaval of
coaching staff.

For all manner of reasons, this cannot continue. Chelsea must soon comply with
UEFA's financial fair play regulations. It is bad enough spending £50m on a
striker with the yips without having to factor in an additional £30m each time
the club fails to win the league.

That is the going rate for failure at Chelsea: half to sack the old manager, the
rest to bring in the next one who will also depart in 12 months unless results
improve.

These numbers, like much else at Chelsea, do not add up.

Abramovich's policy undermines club structure. When Frank Arnesen, the former
sporting director, left for Hamburg, Franco Baldini, highly regarded assistant
to Fabio Capello and now general manager at Roma, was sounded out as his
replacement. Baldini felt it was an impossible role given the constant
uncertainty surrounding Chelsea's manager. How could a sporting director plan
for the future, or implement a coherent youth policy, when the first-team coach
was perpetually under review and a new man could arrive each year with
conflicting ideas?

If Villas-Boas goes now, or at the end of the season, what will happen to the
young players he has favoured as part of his rebuilding programme, such as Romeu
or even Daniel Sturridge? Josh McEachran, a favourite of Ancelotti, is now at
Swansea City on loan. This ferment explains why Chelsea rely so heavily on the
transfer market.

So Villas-Boas must hope Abramovich liked what he saw yesterday. If he did not,
a cheque will be written, probably two, and the carousel will spin again.

UEFA will take a dim view eventually but fair play does not enter into this; its
true guise is financial insanity.



Sat in the directors' box at Chelsea, Fabio Capello confided his belief that
Wayne Rooney (below) would miss his penalty kicks for Manchester United on
Sunday: both of them. Alastair Campbell revealed this morsel of gossip on his
blog. Why was the England manager so indiscreet? Probably because he thought
casual comments made among guests and friends of the club would not be repeated.
He had reckoned without Campbell's thirst for publicity.

Since standing down as Tony Blair's propagandist-in-chief, Campbell has made
many jaundiced pronouncements on press ethics. Some would argue standards were
raised the moment he left national newspapers for politics. Still, nice to see
he can still pull best seats for the match of the day. bt he paid.

Justin Fashanu was the first openly gay footballer. He committed suicide on May
2, 1998. Homophobia destroyed him, wrote the gay rights campaigner Peter
Tatchell.

He cited the attitude of Nottingham Forest manager Brian Clough, but also of the
church -- Fashanu was an evangelical Christian, and a deeply conflicted one --
the black community and Fashanu's family. It was very much a team effort.

The other example of blatant homophobia in football was Robbie Fowler's gesture
towards Graeme le Saux -- not gay, but the subject of rumours -- during a match
between Liverpool and Chelsea at Stamford Bridge. That was on February 27, 1999.

Last week, an announcement on the Chelsea website revealed the club had signed
up to the Government charter to tackle homophobia and transphobia in sport. Good
for them. The subject is much debated these days, but opinion varies on the
extent of football's problem.

There have been isolated events since -- a wrong word here, a vicious little
chant there -- but the fact the two most widely publicised instances of
homophobic behaviour date back to the last century suggests this is more an
issue for chatterers than season ticket holders.

Transphobia, certainly, is no more vexing for football than it is for society.
Anyone heard a transphobic song at a football ground? Me neither. Just as rugby
people were found to be relaxed about homosexuality once Gareth Thomas came out,
and cricket is unconcerned by the sexuality of wicketkeeper Steven Davies, so
football folk may be more open-minded than presumed, if tested.

There could be chants, but there will always be chants. There will be chants if
your wife runs off, or you get caught out with your sister-in-law, or if you've
got a big nose, or a daft haircut. Nobody says the next gay footballer will get
off lightly; but will he be driven to his grave? No. Neither was Fashanu. It
took a host of conspirators to precipitate his death; a polymorphous mass known
as mankind.

Blackburn are considering taking legal action against Christopher Samba. It is
not as if he doesn't deserve it. What would their case be, however, considering
Samba has always been careful to make himself available for selection, even when
announcing he was no longer 100 per cent committed to the club? This sounds like
an act of desperation on the part of owners who are financially overstretched in
the Premier League and need to claw back money any way they can. Samba has
treated Blackburn disgracefully, but the club has its priorities out of whack if
those in charge think what is needed now is a round of courtroom in-fighting.

When the big talking points of a major sporting event are David Beckham (below)
in his Y-fronts, a 53-year-old cheerleader and MIA sticking up a middle finger,
you have to worry about the quality of the action. I'm sorry, I don't get the
Super Bowl. They don't even play the really good version of Rock and Roll Part
II. You know the one.

Joey Barton said he was willing to go to prison to protect his right to free
speech, having tweeted his opinions on John Terry's forthcoming court
appearance. If Barton was as bright as he thinks he is, he would know the issue
at stake here is not free speech, but the contempt laws that enshrine the right
to a fair trial. When a case is sub judice -- Latin for under judgment -- public
opinions should not be given for fear of prejudicing the case. It is a principle
every bit as important as Barton's right to pontificate on Twitter -- indeed,
some might argue, slightly more so.

Geoffrey Boycott accused England's cricketers of believing their own publicity
going into the disastrous series with Pakistan.

It is a fairly standard observation when a good team stuffs up. One remark from
Kevin Pietersen, prior to the first Test in Dubai, however, suggested Boycott
(inset) had a point. Pietersen described England wicket-keeper Matt Prior as the
best player of spin in the world. Prior was not even the best player of spin in
the United Arab Emirates. That title would go to one of three Pakistan batsmen
whose statistics were better, probably Azhar Ali, with his average of 50. Prior
was certainly England's most successful batsman and his mean of 37.5 is more
than 10 runs clear of nearest rival Jonathan Trott. As England's last recognised
bat, he was twice last man standing, 70 not out and 49 not out, which skews the
figures. Against that, he could have gone on longer on those occasions had he
not run out of partners. Either way, though, Pietersen's pronouncement suggests
a degree of misplaced certainty on arriving in the desert. England's batsmen did
not have the variety required in Asia. Used to flat pitches and flatter seam
bowlers, they were found out. Prior is certainly England's best player of spin,
but the best in the world? He needs to experience a bit more of it before those
judgments can be made.

Alan Pardew, the Newcastle manager, is now talking of chasing down Chelsea.
Don't you love that? Isn't it grand there is a manager with real ambition
outside the elite in the Premier League?

Quite possibly, Pardew fails. His team is a point behind Chelsea in fourth
place, but Arsenal are in that mix and Liverpool, too. It is likely Newcastle
will be squeezed out by one of the traditional Champions League contenders.

We have been waiting for Newcastle's implosion all season and, if it comes, in a
matter of weeks Pardew's team could slip to seventh. Even so -- marvellous,
isn't it? Marvellous that Pardew does not talk of setting mediocre mid-table
targets. It would be easy to work the system; to constantly reinforce what an
outstanding job he has done by lowering expectations. There are some managers
who, with Newcastle's total of 42 points, would still be publicly celebrating
staying up.

This would be said as a joke, of course, but the inference would be clear: look
at the job I have done with these clowns, they would be halfway to the
Championship if it wasn't for me.

Downbeat utterances serve as an insurance policy, too, preparing fans for the
fall. This is better than anyone could have expected, the manager makes plain,
so don't blame me for the inevitable collapse. Pardew prefers to look upwards.
He puts pressure on himself and his players by talking as if Chelsea, and
Champions League football, are realistic targets.

More power to him for that. More power to him for believing, and for allowing
Newcastle's fans to dream. What has he to lose? If he falls short, well nobody
expected Newcastle to be much more than lower mid-table this season, at best.
And if he makes it? That would be the greatest achievement in English football
since David Moyes took Everton to fourth place in 2005; arguably greater.

So keep the faith. You never know what might happen. And that, alone, makes a
change.

Tottenham Hotspur's players observed the necessary protocols, Anfield offered
its support, the only moment that jarred in Luis Suarez's comeback was Kenny
Dalglish's post-match insistence that 'he should never have been out in the
first place'. It is wrong-headed statements like this that will perpetuate the
controversy around Suarez, rather than letting it die a natural death. Whatever
his private feelings, publicly Dalglish should be the voice of conciliation, as
that is the best way forward for the player, and his club.

Jamie Redknapp and Gary Neville blew apart the myth of dressing-room unity at
the weekend, by admitting, during their time with England, that Liverpool and
Manchester United players ate at separate tables, such was the animosity between
the clubs.

During that time, England came within a penalty shoot-out of reaching the
European Championship, under Terry Venables in 1996.So we can take with a pinch
of salt the predictions that the England dressing-room in Poland and Ukraine
will be rent asunder by the presence of John Terry, not least because the
information tends to be provided by anonymous 'sources', 'insiders' and figures
'close to the camp'. Agents, in other words.

Those who wonder why Capello feels he has no real leaders in the dressing-room
may wish to start their investigation here.

© Daily Mail

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2012 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              420 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                               The Sun (England)

                              July 20, 2007 Friday

'Chuckle bruv' Sir cleared

LENGTH: 125  words


A TEACHER dubbed a Chuckle Brother by pupils has been cleared of attacking a
schoolboy who joked about him.

Jonathan Burrett, 42, denied hitting the 13- year-old after he sung the theme
tune to kid's telly show Chucklevision.

The dad of one said he was used to being likened to a Chuckle Brother due to his
spiky hair and moustache.

The supply technology teacher of Rhiwderin, Newport, claimed he gave the lad a
"friendly" pat on the back after asking him to stop tilting in his chair and
singing.

The boy said he had "whacked" him four times. But it took less than an hour for
a Cardiff Crown Court jury to clear him of assault causing actual bodily harm.

Mr Burrett, who hasn't taught since last July's incident, said: "I'm very
pleased that this is over."

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD
                              All Rights Reserved

                              421 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                              Liverpool Daily Echo

                             May 5, 2005, Thursday

WILL BATCHELOR: HOW LOW CAN SOMEONE GO

BYLINE: WILL BATCHELOR

SECTION: First Edition; FEATURES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 74 words


SHAME on Barry Chuckle, the rattier-looking half of perennial kids' TV act The
Chuckle Brothers. A tabloid newspaper has revealed how the married star indulged
in what swimming pool posters used to refer to as 'heavy petting' with the mum
of two young fans.

Is it just me, or is that not the most stomach-churning kiss-and-tell story to
emerge since David Mellor's Chelsea-shirted antics? Pass the sick bag to me, to
you, to me, to you

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Newspaper

               Copyright 2005 The Liverpool Daily Post & Echo Ltd

                              422 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            Nottingham Evening Post

                               December 12, 2000

ROYAL WINNER KEIRAN DRAWS UP TO MEET PANTO STARS

SECTION: News, Pg.16

LENGTH: 54 words


ALL RIGHT JACk: Keiran Jones, ten, from Mansfield, meets Jack and the Beanstalk
stars the Chuckle Brothers and Bonnie Langford, backstage at the Theatre Royal
on opening night as part of his prize for winning a panto programme competition.
Keiran's design is on the cover of programmes for the show

POSTPHOTO 2k8787/9

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                     Copyright 2000 Nottingham Evening Post

                              423 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                 Whitby Gazette

                              June 29, 2012 Friday

Swash-buckling adventure with the Chuckle Brothers - WIN TICKETS!

LENGTH: 169  words


AHOY there landlubbers!

A vast behind and prepare to splice the main brace as the Chuckle Brothers go on
a full blown swash-buckling adventure at sea!

In the show, Return of the Pirates of the River Rother 2, showing at the
Futurist Theatre over several dates this summer, Paul and Barry are visiting a
theme park for the day and decide to brave going on one of the daring water
rides.

Once inside, they are leaning on a wall when they accidentally fall through and
find themselves magically transported back in time in to a world of pirates and
sunken treasures.

Magic, mystery and mayhem are guaranteed with fun and laughter for all the
family.

The performance is on Thursdays 26 July, 2, 9, 16, 23 and 30 August at 7pm.

Tickets cost £15 adults and £14 children, while a family ticket for £52 admits
two adults and two children.

Call the Futurist on (01723) 365789 / 374500 or visit www.futuristtheatre.co.uk

* See Whitby Gazette Friday 6 July edition to see how you can win three sets of
family tickets each worth £52.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NWGF


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              424 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                           February 6, 2010 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Hearty chuckle from the 'Brothers Grim'

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 355 words


THEY have been dubbed the 'Brothers Grim' because of their frosty relationship
but yesterday observers could have been forgiven for thinking the Chuckle
Brothers were back on the scene.

Peter Robinson and Martin McGuinness were in jovial mood and there were smiles
all round as the First and Deputy First Ministers divulged details of the deal
on the devolution of policing and justice to a Press conference in Hillsborough
Castle's lavish throne room.

After a marathon 120 hours of intensive negotiations to save the power-sharing
Executive both politicians were clearly in the mood for some light relief.

"Gordon, I know that you are looking forward to the London Olympics in 2012,"
said a usually stern-faced Peter Robinson.

"If we can agree that negotiating would be included as one of the sports, we
will enter a team. We will lift the gold medal and then let's enter negotiations
about what flag and national anthem we use."

The quip was greeted with rapturous laughter from around the room. Not to be
outdone, in his speech Martin McGuinness also used humour to illustrate that a
massive political hurdle had been overcome.

"As everybody knows, this has been a difficult negotiation, at one stage I
proposed to Peter and I thought he had agreed that he would wear a green tie
today and I would wear an orange one," the Sinn Fein Deputy First Minister
explained.

As it turned out both men were sporting more neutral red and blue options and Mr
McGuinness joked: "As you can see we've got off to a bad start. I knew you would
chicken out."

Despite the Hillsborough Agreement being hailed as the deal to end all deals and
the chirpy repartee illustrating an apparent thaw in their relationship, the
First and Deputy First Ministers refused to seal the deal with a handshake.

Swapping the smiles for his normal stern demeanour, Peter Robinson told
journalists: "I am not into stunts."

CAPTION: United in congratulations: Irish Premier Brian Cowen (left); Secretary
of State Shaun Woodward, Prime Minister Gordon Brown, Peter Robinson and Martin
McGuinness (above); Gerry Adams, Caitriona Ruane and Gerry Kelly (below), and
Jeffrey Donaldson

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                Copyright 2010 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              425 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                            Scarborough Evening News

                             March 3, 2009 Tuesday

Chuckle Brothers to return for more Scarborough shows

BYLINE: Staff Copy

LENGTH: 133 words


ONE of the country's top comedy acts has confirmed a handful of Scarborough
summer shows.
The madcap Chuckle Brothers, whose weekend performance delighted 1,500 people at
the Futurist Theatre, are back for more crazy antics in July and August.Chuckle
Trek - The Lost Generation plays the same venue on Thursdays July 30, August 6,
August 13, August 20 and August 27.Paul Chuckle, who partners brother Barry,
said at the weekend: "It's great to be back here in Scarborough. We love it and
always have done."The pair are the latest big names to join the Futurist's
summer line-up which also features legendary funnyman Ken Dodd, on Saturday
August 29, and singing star Jane McDonald, on August 30, while Redcar comic Roy
"Chubby" Brown takes his outrageous brand of adult humour there on September 27.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SEN


                       Copyright 2009 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              426 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                              June 6, 2008 Friday

Chuckle brother signs off with a poem for his pal

SECTION: POLITICS

LENGTH: 199 words


Ian Paisley's retirement from government in Northern Ireland has been marked by
a poignant gift from his former arch enemy, Sinn Fein's Martin McGuinness.

The pair forged a surprisingly positive relationship as First and Deputy First
Minister, which saw them dubbed the Chuckle Brothers.

And as Mr Paisley left office today, Mr McGuinness presented him with a special
copy of a poem closely associated with the peace process, Seamus Heaney's 'The
Cure At Troy'.

The extract was hand-written by the Nobel Laureate for the occasion.

The framed text also carried a personal message from Mr McGuinness, wishing the
Paisley family well and recording their friendship.

Alongside the Heaney verse, the Sinn Fein MP also presented Mr Paisley with a
poem penned by himself, drawing a parallel between the plight of Native
Americans and Irish salmon.

The extract of the poem reads: "Human beings suffer, they torture one another,
they get hurt and get hard.

"No poem or play or song can fully right a wrong inflicted or endured.''

It adds: "History says, Don't hope on this side of the grave.

"But then, once in a lifetime the longed for tidal wave of justice can rise up,
and hope and history rhyme...''

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              427 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Mail (London)

                            December 14, 2007 Friday

The Swede sensation;
Bargains not politics win the day as IKEA counter culture has Chuckle Brothers
rolling in the aisles (but never on a Sunday)

BYLINE: Philip Nolan

SECTION: IRE; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 627 words


IT WAS the sight of the Chuckle Brothers sharing a couch under a sign saying
Home is the most important place in the world that made you realise something
significant was happening in Belfast yesterday.

After all, it is not so long ago that they wouldnt share seats in the same
assembly.

Now, First Minister Ian Paisley and his deputy, Martin McGuinness, took time out
from their world tour to attend the launch of the citys brand new IKEA store,
the size of five and a half football fields and bursting with over 9,500
different items, from garlic presses to kitchen presses.

The irony was that they were probably the only two people there who didnt know
they were sitting on a Klippan two-seater sofa upholstered in red leather also
in black, but not green or orange, sadly selling for £355 (e495).

By his own admission, Dr Paisley is not a fan of shopping but understood its
benefits.

I think its good for people theres a lot of good relationships made by people
through shopping, he said sagely, leaving many wondering why he and Mr
McGuinness battled over the Good Friday Agreement when a waltz around the aisles
in Tesco might have sorted the problem out.

But, never one to miss an opportunity, when asked if the political stability you
are now a part of was crucial to IKEAs arrival, he said dryly: I was always part
of the stability, which seemed to stifle Mr McGuinnesss chuckle.

For the estimated 400 people in the queue outside a lot fewer than expected the
preoccupation was not with politics but the range of goods and value that will
bring Swedish design to the masses.

Gareth and Amanda Stewart from Kinallan in Co. Down were first there at 11.30 on
Wednesday night and slept in their car until 5am. They were on the lookout for a
sofa bed and wardrobes.

Just pipped to the post were Paul and Fiona Fleming from Ashford in Co. Wicklow,
who borrowed a van and also drove up the previous night. They left at 11pm but
arrived only at 2am.

Weve been waiting for this for weeks, Fiona said, confessing that half the house
is from IKEA already, following visits to the stores in Warrington, Glasgow,
Bordeaux and Paris. Leona Doran left Muff in Co. Donegal at 5.30am because I
thought there would be a much bigger queue. She had no idea how much she would
spend.

Deirdre Mallon and Patrick OKeeffe drove from Swords in north Dublin. They left
at 5.30am and arrived at 7.15am.

We bought our kitchen in Glasgow and had it delivered, Patrick explained. Did he
do what IKEA wants and build and fit it himself? No, he laughed, I got someone
else to do that.

The PSNIs Sgt Chris Tweed was in charge of traffic management.

For shoppers from the Republic, he offered simple advice.

The AA has put up signs everywhere telling people how to get here, he said, and
you can also check the stores website and print maps. But if shoppers from the
South have any problems at all, they should stop a police vehicle and the police
will be more than happy to direct them to the store or anywhere else in the
city.

The Lord Mayor of Belfast, Jim Rodgers of the Ulster Unionist Party, also
extended an invitation to everyone from the Republic to visit IKEA and to stay
on and sample the delights of Belfast and her people, the most friendly and
hospitable you will meet, he said.

He performed the official store opening ceremony, cutting a log in half in a
Swedish tradition with manager Paul Reid.

This proved a little more energetic than it might first have appeared, and only
a helpful steadying of the log by Martin McGuinness brought the effort to its
conclusion.

Dr Paisley deserves the last word for suggesting the moneymaking might best be
confined to six days.

Asked about Sunday opening, he said: They would be far better coming to church
on Sunday and doing their shopping on Monday.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: (1) Check it out: The Belfast Lord Mayor Jim Rodgers with Martin
McGuinness and Dr Ian Paisley (2) First up: Gareth and Amanda Stewart

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2007 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              428 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                   Irish News

                            December 10, 2007 Monday

Politics - Bush out-chuckles the Chuckle Brothers in US

BYLINE: Dan McGinn PA

SECTION: Pg. 17

LENGTH: 586 words


Ian Paisley and Martin McGuinness may have come to the United States as the
Chuckle Brothers.

However, they will have left looking for a new nickname after they were
completely out-chuckled by George Bush at the White House press conference which
preceded their meeting.

With a cackle that was oddly reminiscent of the cartoon show Beavis and
Butthead, the president kept chuckling through the remarks of the Stormont
leaders in the Oval Office.

He laughed as First Minister Ian Paisley thanked him and his country for all it
had done and then reminded him that it had not all been one-way traffic.

Mr Bush was also amused when Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness told him:
"Up until March 26 this year Ian Paisley and I never had a conversation about
anything - not even about the weather."

- The first and deputy first minister brought with them to a snow-covered
Washington Ulster Unionist deputy leader Danny Kennedy as the chairman of their
assembly scrutiny committee.

Mr Kennedy was introduced to Democratic Party presidential candidate Senator
Hillary Clinton in the plush Willard Hotel where The Battle Hymn of the Republic
was written by Julia Ward Howe in 1861.

"Danny is the chair of our Office of First and Deputy First Minister committee,"
Martin McGuinness informed the New York Senator.

"He keeps his eye on the both of us," his DUP colleague explained.

"That's why you can see he is squinting."

- The Willard Hotel, where the Stormont team was staying in Washington, has a
remarkable history and guest list.

In 1861 it was the venue for secret talks to prevent the American civil war.

Its guests have included Charles Dickens, PT Barnum, Walt Whitman, Mae West,
British prime minister Lloyd George and has hosted every US president since
Franklin Peirce.

During their visit Mr Paisley and Mr McGuinness signed a distinguished guestbook
which included world leaders, royalty and Hollywood actors.

- During a week of frenetic activity wooing the business and political
community, the Stormont executive played its trump card in New York.

As soon as it was clear Donald Trump's golf resort project in Aberdeenshire was
in trouble, First Minister Ian Paisley was sent in to convince America's best
known businessman about the merits of Northern Ireland.

Time will tell how successful the engagement was.

However, there was disappointment the DUP leader was not presented with a signed
copy of the tycoon's latest motivational book Think Big and Kick Ass.

The title seemed so appropriate for the whole golf resort affair.

- An undoubted highlight of the US visit was the gloriously over-the-top opening
of the Nasdaq Stock Exchange in New York.

The Stormont double act joined a star studded list of people who pushed the
stock market button in the past.

They include talk show host and Barak Obama cheerleader Oprah Winfrey, Virgin
boss Sir Richard Branson and Hillary Clinton.

And while the ceremony may have been reminiscent of the gameshow The Price Is
Right, there was no doubting the unbridled enthusiasm got to two of our
ministers as they were surrounded by cheering Irish Americans.

Visitors to Time Square were treated to the sight on a seven-storey screen,
pictured, of Martin McGuinness smiling and waving frantically and Ian Paisley
jnr doing a high five.

The first minister was more reserved, however, standing amid all the hoopla with
a contented grin.

The publisher Niall O'Dowd figured out why.

The DUP leader had just performed a ceremony which involved him and Martin
McGuinness pushing a giant orange button.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The Irish News Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              429 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Evening Gazette

                             April 20, 2012 Friday
                                  1st Edition

Spitfires and Titanic take to the stage

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 567 words


FANCY a trip to the theatre in the week ahead? Here's our pick of the
performances: ¦ Enjoy sounds of the Fifties and Sixties at Billingham's Forum
Theatre tomorrow.

Bobby Socks and Blue Jeans features music from both decades.

Tickets pounds 18, details 01642 552663.

¦ Join the Chuckle Brothers at the Forum Theatre, Billingham on Sunday as the
hilarious pair bring Pirates of the River Rother 2 to town.

A trip to a theme park leads to Paul and Barry being transported to a wold of
pirates and sunken treasure.

Tickets pounds 14, family ticket pounds 52, details 01642 552663.

¦ The People's Theatre Company presents Spitfire Solo at Middlesbrough Theatre
on Tuesday.

It is June of the new Millennium.

For 80-year old Peter Walker, ex-Battle of Britain pilot, an unexpected new
challenge is about to begin.

From the comfort of the Silver Birches Retirement Home, he must once again find
the resilience, determination and strength to do what must be done.

As he re-lives past glories, losses, wartime experiences, family memories and
the heady days of blue skies and battles, he searches for the answer to the
biggest question so far.

Personal, charming, funny and inventive, Spitfire Solo is one man's battle for
survival, the second time around.

Tickets pounds 10, matinee pounds 6, details on 01642 815181.

¦ 2401 Objects is the new Fringe-First winning show by Analogue, direct from an
acclaimed run at the Edinburgh Festival - and it will be at Stockton's ARC on
Tuesday and Wednesday. In 1953 Henry Molaison emerges from experimental brain
surgery without any recollection of the last two years of his life, or the
ability to form new memories.

In 2009 Patient HM's brain is dissected live on the internet to a global
audience of 400,000 people, cut into carefully preserved slices; manuscripts of
tissue like the pages of a book.

Inspired by the world's most important neuroscientific case-study, 2401 Objects
tells the remarkable story of a man who could no longer remember, but who has
proven impossible to forget.

Tickets pounds 8.50, concessions pounds 6.50, details 01642 525199.

¦ Titanic The Musical heads to Darlington's Civic Theatre from Wednesday.

Chronicling the maiden voyage of the "ship of dreams", this powerful and
emotional new musical interweaves the actions of the ship's crew, as well as
wide array of passengers.

The show runs until May 5. Tickets from pounds 10, details on 01325 486555. ¦
Beautiful ballet heads to Middlesbrough Theatre on Wednesday with The Sleeping
Beauty. Join Ballet Theatre UK's internationally acclaimed company of beautiful
dancers for this production featuring breathtaking stage sets, exquisite
costumes and Tchaikovsky's unforgettable score.

Tickets pounds 16; concessions pounds 14; under-16s pounds 10, details 01642
815181.

¦ A cheeky new show heads to Billingham's Forum Theatre on Thursday.

Wildboyz stars Alex Reid, Hollyoaks star Marcus Patrick, Danny Young (Coronation
Street/Dancing on Ice) and Dale Howard (Big Brother).

The are en-route to a glitzy celebrity bash for a mate's stag do in Bali when
their flight unexpectedly hits an ash cloud and gets diverted leaving them
stranded in a cheap Spanish hotel.

When the International male strip group the Wildboyz booked to appear for a hen
party at the hotel don't turn up, the spotlight turns to the British boys.

Tickets pounds 23.50, details 01642 552663.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  NEW CHALLENGES: Spitfire Solo at Middlesbrough Theatre on Tuesday
'AVING A LAUGH: The Chuckle Brothers

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: gz


                    Copyright 2012 Gazette Media Company Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              430 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                         The Evening Standard (London)

                                 April 29, 2005

Chuckle brother charmer woos fans' mum at a service station

BYLINE: ED HARRIS

SECTION: LSE_04; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 212 words


THEIR "cheeky chappie" routine is familiar to lovers of their end-of-the-pier
style routines.

But one half of the moustachioed Chuckle Brothers has a hitherto unseen skill -
as a smoothtalking Lothario.

Barry Chuckle, a 60-year-old married grandfather of two, reportedly tried to
seduce the mother of two of his fans, bombarding her with emails and arranging a
romantic tryst at a motorway service station. Sally Williams today claimed the
entertainer kissed her as she sat in his car and begged her to spend nights with
him in a hotel.

"I must have been insane," says the mother who fell for his charms. "He's a
slimebag and a sleazeball who could have wrecked my life."

The comic, real name Barry Elliott, allegedly sent the housewife an email
saying: "Even though you won't have your underwear on for long I'm looking
forward to seeing it and removing it, you gorgeous little thing."

Mrs Williams, 37, met Elliott after taking her children to see him and his
brother Paul, 57, on stage in her home town of Doncaster.

But their meetings came to an end when her husband, Ron, 40, discovered one of
the emails, she said.

Elliott admitted sending "fruity" emails and meeting Mrs Williams at the
services.

But he said: "Nothing happened."

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                   Copyright 2005 Associated Newspapers Ltd.

                              431 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Lancashire

                                February 1, 2005

Brothers chuckle their way into the limelight

LENGTH: 273 words


I never in my wildest dreams ever thought I would write the sentence "Thank
goodness for The Chuckle Brothers". But there I've done it.

The reason for the sentiment is that the two spiky-haired siblings whose
catchphrase "To me to you" has amused and irritated millions in equal measure
over the past 20-odd years or so make this panto well worth the admission fee.

Paul (the big one) and Barry whose TV series Chucklevision shows no sign of
losing its popularity any time soon easily have all the best lines deliver some
pretty funny (or pant-wettingly hilarious if my seven-year-old son's reaction is
anything to go by) setpieces and effortlessly engage with the audience even when
that involves covering them with water or plastering them with custard pies.

Former Hi-de-Hi star Jeffrey Holland (starry-eyed yellowcoat Spike in the TV
comedy) camps it up nicely as the traditional Dame - here Sarah the Cook - but
is let down by a severe shortage of meaty one-liners.

Hollyoaks star Helen Noble - who plays Abby in the soap - is Alice love interest
for our hero Dick (Dan Burton). The pair along with villain of the piece King
Rat (Phil Corbitt)are fine.

All the usual panto ingredients are present and correct: the booing double
entendres and "Oh yes he is". But the bottom line is that this show directed by
former Blue Peter presenter Peter Purves belongs firmly to the two brothers from
Rotherham.

Their antics including lots of silly dancing plenty of ad-libs and a very funny
scene for people of all ages involving a cucumber and a sword (don't ask)make
for a thoroughly entertaining evening.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2005 NewsQuest Media Group Limited

                              432 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                  The Northern Echo (Newsquest Regional Press)

                            April 15, 2010 Thursday

An Audience With The Chuckle Brothers, Darlington Civic Theatre

BYLINE: Viv Hardwick

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT: THEATRE (REVIEWS)

LENGTH: 264 words


ALL around the Civic there is a forest of ramrod-straight arms.

The youngsters are desperate to ask the ever-popular Chuckle Brothers a
question.

How did they start? Do the brothers have a sister? What was their most
embarrassing moment?

Sitting relaxed on the stage which first saw the pair emerge from Chuckle Hounds
obscurity to Chucklevision stardom during a Darlington panto run, Paul and Barry
talk about going into showbiz straight from school, and told the youngsters that
their sister, Sheila, died three years ago.

As for embarrassment? Well, Barry forgetting to wear a pair of frilly underpants
for a comedy striptease was as good as you'd get.

Down in the audience, older brothers Jimmy and Brian, who perform as the Patton
Brothers, and are well known to millions as "Getoutofit" and "No Slacking" on
Chucklevision, showed film footage from the Chuckles' 40-year career.

One piece of film was a homage to the brothers' dad, Hetton-le-Hole comic Gene
Patton, who did a mop routine touring with a talented 19-yearold called Peter
Sellers.

The Chuckles performed those infectiously-funny silly word-play sketches which
make them such an asset to entertainment.

Later this year, they will be releasing a 3D film, a re-make of Abbot and
Costello's comedy-horror The Mummy, as well as continuing their run on CBBC,
which has lasted more than 20 years.

To me, to you... to them.

Audiences can't be better than this, even when someone shoots you in the ear
with a supersoaker at point-blank range.

" The tour returns to the region on May 9, at York Grand Opera House. Box office
0844-847-2332.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              433 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                               November 20, 2002

Funnymen Light Up The Festivities

SECTION: News; People; Events; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 120 words


Hanley was filled with festive cheer as thousands of people braved the cold
weather to see the switching on of the Christmas lights.  Huge crowds looked on
as a torch-lit parade, including the Ice Queen and pantomime characters, wound
its way through the city centre.

A festive train carrying Santa, Lord Mayor of Stoke-on-Trent Ellis Bevan and
popular funnymen the Chuckle Brothers, delighted families as the excitement
continued to build.

With just minutes to go before the big switch on a Mexican wave rippled through
the crowd in Fountain Square as the parade came into sight. A huge cheer went up
as the town hall, trees and streets were lit up to herald the arrival of
Christmas in Hanley.

Caption:

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2002 The Sentinel (Stoke)

                              434 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                          Bradford Telegraph and Argus

                             March 24, 2015 Tuesday

VIDEO: Chuckle Brothers and Billy Pearce record charity single for Bradford
Burns Unit

BYLINE: Rhys Thomas

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 366 words


A PANTO star, a pair of comedy siblings and the frontman from Black Lace tonight
kick-started a series of recording sessions for a new version of You'll Never
Walk Alone.

The football anthem is being remade to help mark the 30th anniversary of the
Valley Parade fire disaster.

Billy Pearce, the Chuckle Brothers and Dene Michael lent their voices to a
recording of the song at Voltage Studios in Bradford.

Money raised from sales will go to the Bradford Burns Unit, which was set up in
the wake of the tragedy.

Organiser Lloyd Spencer, a lifelong Bradford City fan who started a campaign in
January to record the song, said it was exciting to finally get going.

MORE TOP STORIES

"We have got the music down and have been doing it over the last couple of
weeks," said Mr Spencer, who hopes to repeat the success of 1985 when a charity
version of the number was recorded in the wake of the fire, which killed 56
people.

"Now this is the start of it. This is when it starts to get exciting. Getting in
the studio and putting some vocals to it is exciting.

"Hopefully it might make the charts, you never know.

"We are hoping to make as much as we can."

Mr Spencer said there were four or five recording sessions to come over the next
few weeks.

He also hoped to get players from Bradford City and Bradford Bulls involved, and
to get a recording of fans singing at Valley Parade.

He said: "We are trying to get normal people involved, normal fans."

Despite starting the project, Mr Spencer admitted that he wasn't actually a fan
of the song, given its links to the disaster.

"I have to be honest, I do not like the song because of what happened and the
reason why it was released," he said.

"It is raising money for a good cause and hopefully putting it back in the
spotlight. The Bradford fire always seems to be pushed to the back. It was only
this year the FA and Premier League have done something."

Mr Spencer was at Valley Parade on the day of the fire, in the stand opposite
where the blaze was, and has friends who were injured.

He remembered: "It was really weird, a really numb feeling. You had seen it
happen right in front of your eyes.

"It was like a movie."

The single is set to be released at the end of May.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              435 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                          Future News - Media Planner

                            December 5, 2014 Friday

The Chuckle Brothers star in 'Wizard of Oz' panto in Darlington

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 53 words


'The Chuckles of Oz', traditional family panto based on 'The Wizard of Oz' story
starring Barry and Paul Chuckle aka the Chuckle Brothers as the Wizards. Also
starring Phil Corbitt, Adam Booth, Danny Potts and Beth Stobbart

Event Start Date: 2014-12-06

Event End Date: 2015-01-11

Event URL: http://www.darlingtoncivic.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                             Copyright 2014 Precise
                              All Rights Reserved

                              436 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Mirror

                            December 8, 2013 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

O'Neill, Keane, give us a laugh;
FOOTBALL: IT'S SMILES BETTER ; 'CHUCKLE BROTHERS' HAVE LIFTED IRELAND

BYLINE: CIARAN O RAGHALLAIGH

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 60

LENGTH: 472 words


STEPHEN WARD hopes Ireland's managerial Chuckle Brothers can help the national
team back to winning and grinning ways.

The Ireland defender has praised Martin O'Neill and Roy Keane for putting the
fun back into a squad that had long stopped enjoying itself.

Ward's former international team mate Kevin Kilbane recently blamed Giovanni
Trapattoni's strict managerial style for hampering Ireland's Euro 2012 build-up,
with players confined to their rooms, and barred from leaving team hotels.

"He had that dictator's style where the lads became very insular, but you don't
want to be stuck in a room all day. You want to be out, if only for a coffee
down the road, but that was put on to us very early that we weren't allowed to
do that."

The Italian's limited grasp of the English language also hampered efforts to
bond with his players, but Ward believes things have changed for the better
after O'Neill's first two games in charge saw everyone go home smiling.

"You respect every manager for how they do it, but it's a lot different now,"
Ward said.

"The language barrier won't be the same issue it was, so there is more scope for
a laugh and a joke.

"We've also had some craic in the hotel. It's been enjoyable when it can be, and
serious when needs to be.

"You spend a lot of time together, so having that craic - you need to have that
time to switch off - and we had that during that week with the new manager.

"There's been a good spirit in the camp, everyone laughing and joking, and that
comes right from the management staff. They've been great, it's made for a real
good spirit and brought a lot of smiles around the place."

Ward was bombed from the Ireland squad by Trapattoni after Wolves suffered a
second successive relegation last year, and was left out again when Noel King
temporarily took charge for the competitive fixtures in October.

Having made a loan switch to Championship side Brighton he was disappointed not
to be recalled, but King came through last month when naming him in the first
squad Martin O'Neill would take charge of.

"It was nice to be back in the squad and then play in the two games. It was a
real positive," said Ward.

"It's been a tough year personally, with Wolves and what have you, but I'm
enjoying my football now again down at Brighton and this tops off a nice few
months for me."

Getting a recall after almost 12 months in the wilderness was one thing, but
joining up to see O'Neill and Roy Keane in charge was another.

"You never know what to think until you meet them face to face, but it's been
very positive, they've brought a real buzz back to the country," Ward said.

"It's something we needed after the calibre of a manager like Giovanni
Trapattoni.

"It's a great appointment, and hopefully we can continue on with the good start.

"It's really pleasing we stood up and got some positive results."

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: HAPPY DAYS: Stephen Ward is enjoying the more relaxed atmosphere
introduced by the Dream Team

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SMR


                            Copyright 2013 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              437 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                   The People

                            October 22, 2006, Sunday

ROT ON TV;
 JON WISE ON THE BOX

BYLINE: JON WISE

SECTION: 3 Star Edition; FEATURES; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 48 words


KERRY Katona...Cirque Du Celebrite (Sky One)... Emmerdale's Nick and Gary -
about as scary as the Chuckle Brothers...The battle for the Countdown gig - just
blinking pick someone...The plonker from Mastermind who only managed to get ONE
question right on his specialist subject.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                            Copyright 2006 MGN Ltd.

                              438 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            Birmingham Evening Mail

                           January 29, 2005, Saturday

CHILDREN: FAMILY FUN IN BRUM

SECTION: First Edition; FEATURES; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 179 words


FOLLOWING the success of Roald Dahl's The Twits last year, the classic story of
a Mole, Rat, Badger, riverbank, wild wood and some wicked weasels, plus an
extravagant Toad, is being brought to life at Birmingham's Alexandra Theatre
next week in a new family production of The Wind in the Willows.

It is performed by SPLATS, one of the UK's leading family theatre companies,
renowned for its use of live animation, amazing masks and puppets made by the
creators of TV's Spitting Image. The show runs from Tuesday February 1Saturday
February 5 , with matinee and evening performances.

Also at the Alex next week, the funny Chuckle Brothers Paul and Barry appear in
Pirates of the River Rother, on Sunday February 6, at 2pm and 5pm, in a
swashbuckling adventure of ghost ships, pirates, fun and calamity.

They find themselves in all sorts of trouble with infamous Pirate Captain
Redbeard and Horatio Nelson Slacking, as they go in search of the hidden
treasure trove of Slack Island.

For details of both shows, call the ticket hotline on 0870 607 7544.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2005 Midland Independent Newspapers plc

                              439 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                           October 20, 2011 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

'We've never died on stage in Hull. We've done it everywhere else, just not
here!';
Gag a minute as Chuckle Brothers raise curtain on pantomime

BYLINE: Ian Midgley

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 676 words


InShort The Chuckle Brothers have launched the build-up to Hull's annual panto
spectacular. The comics are looking forward to a warm Hull welcome.

QUEEN Victoria Square was a Chuckle-vision yesterday as two comedy legends
launched Hull's annual panto spectacular.

To shouts of "to me, to you", the Chuckles posed for pictures with fans before
being ushered inside for interviews to plug the Hull New Theatre production of
Cinderella, which starts its month-long run on Thursday, December 8. "We always
love coming to Hull," said Barry, the smaller and elder of the two mustachioed
mirthmakers. "We'll come back any time they ask us."

"That's why we haven't been back for five years," quipped brother Paul. "They
can't like us that much." The Chuckles' sterling box office statistics suggest
otherwise.

The last time the brothers, aka Rotherham-based comics Paul and Barry Elliot,
headlined a Hull panto, they broke all previous records - selling a whopping
39,000 advance tickets. The eventual box office haul for their 2006-07 version
of Cinderella was £661,282.

The show made so much money it was even credited with saving free dinners for
Hull's schoolchildren.

"Hull audiences have always been good to us," said Barry.

"Even in the old days, when we were doing the clubs, Hull was a pretty good
place to come.

"The audiences weren't brutal like they were in other cities."

"No," added little brother Paul. "I don't think we've ever died on stage in
Hull.

"We've done it everywhere else, just not Hull."

Cinderella will again feature Barry as Buttons with Paul as Zip, as the lovelorn
brothers attempt to win the heart of Princess Cinders, who definitely will go to
the ball.

"It's the same traditional story everyone knows," said Paul.

"But they've sent us the script and we've already worked out the funnies and
what routines we want in there.

"It's going to be another big, spectacular production with a lot of laughs, so
hopefully everybody will come along and have some fun."

But with the Chuckles' losing their box office crown in 2008 to Cannon And Ball,
whose Jack And The Beanstalk just eclipsed Cinderella, Paul and Barry are hoping
to reassert their panto superiority.

"It'll be tough," admitted Barry. "Those were different days in 2007, the
world's changed now.

"But the only way they'll squeeze more people in than we did five years ago is
if they stick an extension on the theatre.

"We had a brilliant run. It's a great feeling when you walk out every night to a
packed house.

"It puts a bounce in your step." But with Paul celebrating his 64th birthday
this week, and Barry reaching the venerable age of 67 on Christmas Eve, how long
can the Chucklevision stars stay at the top of their game? "We've got no plans
to retire," said Barry.

"This is what keeps us going. It keeps us young.

"If we don't work for more than two weeks I get itchy feet and want to get back
to it."

"He's not wrong," interrupted Paul. "I've always said we'll keep going as long
as we're getting the laughs and the audiences still want us.

"So, fingers crossed that everybody stops laughing soon. I'm knackered. "Only
joking," he added quickly. "I wouldn't swap this for the world. "What could be
better than getting up on stage every night and making people laugh? "It's not
really work is it? More like messing about for a living."

'Come see us and we'll sort out the economy' THE last time the Chuckle Brothers
played panto in Hull they saved school dinners.

This time, they say, they've set their sights on more modest goals, such as
solving the budget deficit and world peace.

The monster box office success of the duo's Cinderella, in 2006-07, made so much
cash that the then ruling Labour council were able to dip into its eye-watering
£661,282 takings to subsidise free school meals for Hull youngsters.

"Oh, we had no idea."

said Barry Chuckle.

"Well, that's given me a warm feeling inside."

"What shall we do for our next trick?" asked Paul, the tall one.

"I've no idea," replied Barry. "But maybe if everyone comes to see us in panto
we might sort out the budget deficit and economy."

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ARRIVING IN STYLE: The Chuckle Brothers outside Hull City Hall.
pantomime Cinderella at Hull New Theatre.
Pictures: Peter Harbour

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDM


                         Copyright 2011 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved

                              440 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                              New Musical Express

                               September 18, 2014

Tinchy Stryder posts video footage from Chuckle Brothers studio session - watch

LENGTH: 121 words



HIGHLIGHT: Paul Chuckle said the pair were 'laying down some cool stuff' with
the rapper


Tinchy Stryder has posted video footage from a studio session with children's
television personalities, the Chuckle Brothers.

Scroll down to watch the clip, which was posted to Instagram earlier this
evening (September 18), with the caption "#ChuckleBrothers Chuckle Skanking! lol
Naughty lil beat right there init".

One half of the duo, Paul Chuckle, tweeted about the session, writing: "In
Tinchy's studio laying down some cool stuff. Fun day" and posting a selfie,
which you can see below. Tinchy Stryder released his last album, 'Third Strike',
in 2010, and is currently working on his fourth LP.

In Tinchy's studio laying down some cool stuff. Fun day.
pic.twitter.com/rqjggyrd7L  Paul Chuckle (@PaulChuckle2) September 18, 2014

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                        Copyright 2014 IPC Magazines Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              441 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                  Burton Mail

                             May 29, 2014 Thursday

Delight for kids as star shows hit area

BYLINE: ROB SMYTH

LENGTH: 300  words


YOUNGSTERS are set to be in for a treat as plenty of their favourites head on to
the stage in Staffordshire.

The Regent Theatre, in Stoke on Trent, will be playing host to some of the best
family entertainment shows during the next few months.

The Chuckle Brothers, Barry and Paul, begin the feast of family fun from 2pm on
Saturday, June 7,  when  they preform their new show 'The Chuckle Brothers in a
2014 Space Oddity'.

The brothers visit a toy shop to buy some water pistol and while there, they
notice a toy space ship which they get in. "Don't touch anything" the shopkeeper
shouts out, "especially that button!" "This button?" they ask - before pressing
the button and accidentally going into space on a new adventure.

Just over a week later, from 11am and 2.30pm on Sunday, June 15, the Sooty Show
heads into town in a new show to delight the whole family.

Joining the nation's favourite bear will be Sweep, Soo and Sooty's TV partner
Richard Cadell - who will be attempting to keep Sooty from getting up to
mischief.

There will also be a chance to meet Richard and Sooty after the show.

Later in the summer, in August, Scooby-Doo and the gang are back by popular
demand and with even more spooky mystery in 'The Mystery of the Pyramid.'

Scooby-Doo, Shaggy, Fred, Velma and Daphne arrive in Egypt where they must solve
the mystery of the Pharaoh Hatchepsout's Pyramid.

The show runs from 6.30pm on Tuesday, August 12 and 2.30pm and 6.30pm on
Wednesday, August 13.

Jonathan Wilkes and Christian Patterson return in this year's Regent pantomime
Dick Whittington.

This year's Panto runs from Friday, November 28 to Sunday, January 4.

Tickets for all of the above shows can be purchased at the theatre's box office,
by calling 0844 871 7649 or by heading online and visiting
www.atgtickets.com/stoke

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BM


                    Copyright 2014 Iliffe News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              442 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                            February 4, 2014 Tuesday
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

Assault claims against Travis 'a surprise', co-star tells court

BYLINE: David Mercer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 142 words


ONE of the Chuckle Brothers told a court it was "a complete surprise" to hear
claims that DJ Dave Lee Travis indecently assaulted a stage hand at a pantomime
they were starring in. Paul and Barry Elliott starred alongside Travis in
'Aladdin' in the early 1990s, London's Southwark Crown Court heard. Mr Travis is
accused of indecently assaulting a female crew member in his theatre dressing
room.

The woman, who was 21 at the time of the alleged incident, previously told the
court her ordeal ended when they were interrupted by one of the Chuckle Brothers
walking past.

But yesterday, Paul Elliott said he did not recall any inappropriate behaviour
by the star. Mr Travis (68), from Buckinghamshire, is accused of indecently
assaulting 10 women and sexually assaulting another. He denies all the charges.
The trial continues. (© Independent News Service)

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2014 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              443 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                            South Wales Evening Post

                              May 2, 2013 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Chuckling brothers smiling on;
Going Have you got an event you want to tell us about? Call Kate on 01792 514634
or email kate.clarke@swwmedia.co.uk Edited by Kate Clarke

BYLINE: Kate Clarke

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 46,47

LENGTH: 479 words


I ADMIT I'm a little disappointed to hear that Barry Elliott, one of the
perennially perky Chuckle Brothers, never has a Krusty The Clown-style episode,
hissing at neighbourhood kids though a haze of beer fumes and cigarette smoke.

But it is probably just as well that he and his brother Paul are exactly what
they seem to be - sunny, happy-go-lucky blokes who love what they do.

The popular pair, with two of their siblings in tow, head to Swansea's Grand
Theatre on Saturday to spread some joy.

This visit see them bring a show full of colour and variety, says Barry.

"It will be a very funny show, a lot like a pantomine, full of all of the things
we do. Our older brothers will be in it too and we all work well together
because we are family, so we know each other so well and we all just love what
we do."

The world of TV comedy is never kind to the old guard, who get swept out into
the wilderness with a very big broom each decade, to be replaced by fresher
faces with newer agendas.

So the Chuckles are something of a phenomenon, having been the daft faces of
kids comedy on the small screen for more than 2 decades now. That is a lot of
custard pies to the face and a lot of inexpertly handled furniture.

Barry says their longevity is thanks to the fact that children don''t laugh at
what they are told to laugh at, they laugh at what they find worthy of their
giggles.

"You can't fool children. They laugh at something if they love it and that is
all there is to it.

"The kind of comedy people get at our shows goes back to ancient times - people
have always laughed at people falling over. And our shows are proper family
shows.

"Also children can tell if we are having fun and if we are having fun they go
along with it. And getting up in front of an audience is still fun for us.

"I hate being off work for even a few weeks. It drives my wife mad when we are
on holiday."

The entertainer's is in the blood for Barry and Paul.

Their father, Gene Patton, was a comic and their mum a dancer and though Barry
says he was never pushed in to showbiz, it was always going to be his future.

"My dad worked 52 weeks of the year and we used to go and see him in shows
during Summer holidays.

"The first time went on stage with my own act, I was 13, at the Rotherham
Regent. My dad didn't want to force us into doing it, but when we used to go and
see him perform we loved the atmosphere, particularly backstage. The smell of
the greasepaint ..."

And while it might take a less seasoned entertainer all his efforts to raise a
smile when he hears ''From Me, To You'' while minding his own business in the
supermarket, at the garage forecourt or in the cinema queue, he loves the fact
that he and Paul have a catchphrase that has become part of the lexicon.

"People do say it and think you've never heard it before, but it is better to be
known that to be ignored."

# The show gets going at 2pm.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAND DATE The happy-golucky Chuckle Brothers.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SWP


                    Copyright 2013 South Wales Evening Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              444 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Mirror

                            February 7, 2012 Tuesday
                                 Ulster Edition

HARDLINER TO CHUCKLE BROTHER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 192 words


HIS early days were marked with angry rhetoric and shadowy military groups.

But Ian Paisley has undergone a political evolution to be born again as a father
figure of political compromise.

From "Never, never, never" to the politician whose close relationship with Sinn
Fein power-sharing partner Martin McGuinness earned them the nickname The
Chuckle Brothers, he has dominated Northern Ireland's politics for decades.

The firebrand who threw snowballs at Taoiseach Sean Lemass in 1965 became almost
cuddly when he visited Bertie Ahern in 2004.

Paisley was born the son of a Baptist pastor in 1926 and reared in Ballymena, Co
Antrim, before founding his Free Presbyterian Church in the 1950s.

But he rocketed to prominence with the rise of the Civil Rights in 1968. Paisley
claimed it was all part of an IRA plot to overthrow the state.

His Ulster Says No slogan against the Anglo Irish Agreement summed up the anger
of many unionists.

He incurred nationalist fury with his "victory jig" on the Garvaghy Road.

But the final chapters of his legacy will recall how he embraced the compromise
with those he so vehemently opposed.

The question is, what took so long?

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FIERY¦ In1985

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2012 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              445 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                            Sheerness Times Guardian

                                 June 30, 2011

Cocktails and Chuckle Brother bikes

LENGTH: 155 words


THIS sunny holiday snap is of Sean Leacock and his girlfriend Jessica Eggleton.

The couple, of Wing Road, Leysdown, were on their first holiday together in
Lanzarote.

Sean and Jessica, who are both 18, had a week-long vacation which included
surfing, visiting the local market and renting Chuckle Brother bikes.

The picture is taken on the beach in Costa Teguise.

Sean said: "The beach was beautiful and Lanzarote is lovely. We made our way
through the cocktail menu too.

"We took the STG because it's our local paper. We haven't lived in this area for
very long and it's nice to know what's going on."

* Are you going on holiday? Don't forget to pack a copy of the Times Guardian
and get a snap of you holding it. Try to get a landmark in the background so
readers can see at a glance where you've been. Pop your photos into the office
or email them to timesguardian@thekmgroup.co.uk Don't forget to include your
name and phone number.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Kent Messenger Group
                              All Rights Reserved

                              446 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                 Halesowen News

                           November 23, 2010 Tuesday

Old Hill teenagers on tour with Chuckle Brothers

SECTION: ROUND-UP (HALES NEWS ROUNDUP)

LENGTH: 180 words


THE next generation of a showbiz dynasty is joining his famous great uncles,
children's favourites the Chuckle Brothers, in their nationwide Christmas tour.

Seventeen-year-old Mitchell Baggott, of Old Hill is performing for the second
year running in their festive show, this years called The 12 days of Christmas.

On stage with him are four members of his mother's Debonair Dance Academy, Lucy
Hill, Rachel Cadwallader, Bethan Bryan and Amanda Poyner.

The showbiz family also includes Mitchell's grandfather Jimmy Patton, who is
playing Father Christmas, and great uncle Brian Patton as Jack Frost, who have
enjoyed 60 years in the business.

Proud mum Debbie Baggott, who runs the academy from Temple Meadow's Primary
School, Old Hill, said it was great experience for Mitchell and the girls to be
in the show.

"It's lovely for the dance school because it inspires the younger ones and gives
them something to look forward to," she said.

After opening at the Sheffield Lyceum on Sunday, the group will take the show to
20 theatres around the country, finishing at Blackpool on December 22.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              447 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                   The People

                            November 6, 2005, Sunday

BUSHELL ON THE BOX: TV MYSTERIES

BYLINE: GARRY BUSHELL

SECTION: 3 Star Edition; FEATURES; Pg. 41

LENGTH: 69 words


IS the X in X-Factor one of Louis's missing chromosomes? Is my TV on the blink
or are some of these muppets miming? How did the Chuckle Brothers get their
name? Does a parrot with bird flu say "Pretty poorly"? Will Ross Kemp be staying
at a Tempura shelter, for lightly battered husbands? Will his next show be
Ultimate Wuss? And re: Marilyn Manson's new fragrance, what does irrelevance
actually smell like?

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                            Copyright 2005 MGN Ltd.

                              448 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            Nottingham Evening Post

                                  May 3, 2004

Good clean fun for family

SECTION: Features; Arts; Reviews; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 207 words


The Chuckle BROTHERS Royal Concert Hall Scott Fisher We only needed "where's me
washboard" for a full house of classic catch phrases as the Chuckle Brothers
brought their homely brand of children's entertainment to the Royal Concert Hall
on Saturday.

Their impressively long-running TV series - now apparently in its 17th year -
has made them a household name in any household with both a television and a sub
seven-year-old. Chez Fisher qualifies on both counts and so a trip to witness
the Chuckles - Paul and Barry - was inevitable.

And for the most part it was surprisingly enjoyable. Good clean fun. Imagine a
1980s Seaside Special type format of oh-so-loosely scripted 'plot' (it was
supposed to be some take-off of Harry Potter) allied to a variety line-up that
included the Chuckles themselves along with long-time sidekicks from
Chucklevision (their TV epic) and a very passable magician and assistant/singer
performing gags, magic tricks and the odd tune, and you've pretty much got the
picture.

The audience in the second show - another pretty much full house - seemed to lap
it up with the same enthusiasm as our four-year-old who spent the trip home
informing me that there was to be "no slacking".


LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

                     Copyright 2004 Nottingham Evening Post

                              449 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                           December 3, 2011 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

FROM RAGS TO RICHES ... WITH PLENTY OF CHUCKLES;
BIGFEATURE ; They are the kings of kids' comedy who just love to entertain. Ian
Midgley meets the Chuckle Brothers and discovers why Cinders will be having a
ball in Hull's panto this year

BYLINE: Ian Midgley

SECTION: THE GUIDE;FEATURES; Pg. 4,5

LENGTH: 830 words


The Chuckle Brothers have a family motto which goes something like this: "Live
each day as if it's your last, because one day you'll be right."

They haven't had it translated into Latin, or had it emblazoned across a
heraldic shield - the Rotherham-raised lads aren't flash like that, but it's a
motto that has served the brothers well down the years.

It has been a positive mental attitude that has helped them survive and thrive
in the bear pit atmosphere of the northern working men's clubs.

It has witnessed the pair rise from lowly support acts for failing
ventriloquists in wet Wednesday matinees to become cult TV stars, comedy legends
and owners of two of the finest moustaches in showbiz.

It's also the motto that keeps the Chuckles, aka Paul and Barry Elliot, coming
back for more at Christmas.

When the duo step out in Cinderella at Hull New Theatre next week, it will be
their 45th consecutive panto, and almost five years to the day since the
brothers last trod the Yuletide boards in East Yorkshire.

The Chuckles may no longer be in the first flushes of youth - Paul, the big one,
is 64, and Barry, his elder, sparrow-like, sibling will turn 67 on Christmas Eve
- but they've got no intention of taking it easy.

Each day, it seems, is genuinely there to be lived as if it's their last.

"I couldn't imagine not working," shrugs Barry.

It's a chilly Wednesday afternoon, and the Chuckles are sitting in the lounge at
Hull City Hall in full panto regalia, having just had promotional pictures taken
outside with two Shetland ponies.

"I didn't fancy yours much," quips Paul, supping on a warming cuppa.

"What else would we do?" continues Barry, looking puzzled.

"Being on stage is all we've known. It's what we do. As long as people still
want us and we're still getting the laughs then we'll continue. "This is what
keeps us young. "If we don't work for more than two weeks I get itchy feet and
want to get back to it."

"I don't want to go and sit at home and watch the walls."

"And it's not as if it's like real work," chips in Paul with a grin.

"We're not getting up at 7am every day and going down the factory. It's not hard
labour. "We're getting paid to mess around and make people laugh. Is there a
better job than that?" The Chuckle Brothers' place in the annals of comedy may
now be firmly established, but had it not been for a disastrous sporting injury
it could all have been so different for the duo.

Although Barry had always planned to follow in his father's showbiz footsteps -
dad was a famed variety performer called Gene Patton - Paul fancied himself as
the next Bobby Charlton.

But when a hacking Sunday afternoon tackle almost destroyed his knee, putting
paid to any dreams of a pro-career playing one-twos with Geoff Hirst, "To Me",
and receiving return passes from Nobby Stiles, "To You", Paul soon decided the
future lay with his brother in the theatrical limelight.

Their biggest break came, as always, when they were least expecting it -
supporting ventriloquist Ward Allen and his puppet Roger The Dog in front of an
empty theatre.

"It was always our forté working the theatres," says Barry.

"And it meant three weeks of not having to do the clubs. So we jumped at the
chance.

"At Ashton-Under-Lyne we looked out before the show started and it was totally
empty.

"There were about 28 people in a 1,600-seater theatre. Ward Allen was obviously
a big draw.

"We thought, let's just go on and have a laugh. Basically it was like working a
party.

"Barry kept going down into the audience and we went down really well with the
few people who had turned up."

"What we didn't know," says Paul, taking up the story, "was that some bigwigs
from the BBC were sitting at the back watching us. They phoned the next day and
we thought it was a wind-up, but they invited us to lunch and it went from
there. They said that, because we could perform so well in front of so few
people, we could easily do it in a TV studio. And the rest is history."

"It's all about luck," says Barry. "Being in the right place at the right time.
That and taking each day and making the most of it."

CINDERELLA When: From Thursday, December 8, to Sunday, January 8, nightly 7pm,
plus matinees Where: Hull New Theatre, Kingston Square, Hull Tickets: From £16
to £23 To book: 01482 300300 Visit: www.hullcc.gov.uk/hullnewtheatre
www.thechucklebrothersontour.co.uk BLUFFER'SGUIDE Roots: Barry (born December
24, 1944) and Paul (born October 18, 1947), are real-life brothers and the
youngest in a showbiz family of eight.

Talent: The brothers won TV talent shows New Faces, in 1974, and Opportunity
Knocks, in 1967.

Cult: Chucklevision is now officially the second longest-running children's TV
show in history, after Blue Peter. Catchphrase: The Chuckles are known for their
catch phrases "To Me, To You" and "Oh dear. Oh dear."

Oh Brother: The Chuckle Brothers' brothers are called The Patton Brothers, who
often appear in their brothers' shows.

"Live each day as if it's your last, because one day you'll be right"

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PANTO LAUNCH: The brothers and their Shetland ponies in Hull city
centre.
FESTIVE TREAT: The brothers launch the Cinderella pantomime in Queen Victoria
Square.
PLAYING FOR LAUGHS: The Chuckle Brothers, Paul, left, and Barry Elliott.
Picture: Peter Harbour

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDM


                         Copyright 2011 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved

                              450 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                  The Northern Echo (Newsquest Regional Press)

                          September 18, 2013 Wednesday

Comedy stars raise a chuckle at panto launch

SECTION: NEWS: REGIONAL (DARLINGTON)

LENGTH: 194 words


THE Chuckle Brothers returned to a North-East town yesterday (Tuesday) for the
launch of this year's annual Christmas pantomime.

Qdos Entertainment, the world's largest pantomime producer, will be presenting
Aladdin at the Darlington Civic Theatre this winter.

It will star the Chuckle Brothers as Wishee and Washee, Philip Meeks as the
Widow Twankey, Phil Corbitt as Abanazar and Darlington's own Beth Stobbart as
the Princess.

Organisers are promising a show complete with comedy, costumes and sets
guaranteeing an entertaining night for the whole family.

A launch afternoon was held at the Civic Theatre yesterday (Tuesday) to display
this collection of talent. This came complete with cast interviews of the lead
characters, as well as photographs.

Miss Stobbart's has been a member of the Darlington Operatic Society since 2010,
playing parts such as Maria in their production of The Sound of Music.

She was encouraged to audition for the panto part by fellow members.

The pantomime will hit the stage from December 7 and runs until January 12.

Tickets are priced from £16 to £23.50, with family tickets, schools and groups
discounts offered. To book, call 01325-486555.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              451 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                   The People

                            August 31, 2003, Sunday

BUSHELL ON THE BOX: DES AND HIS DUDS AREN'T FUNNY

BYLINE: GARRY BUSHELL

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 137 words


WHAT possessed Des O'Connor to book Hudson & Pepperdine? Their witless, leaden
banter made Mel & Sue seem like the Chuckle Brothers. They went down so badly
that after the first gag Barry from Don't Drop The Coffin was measuring them up.

Des's day-time show was a smash because he booked great comics. But ITV change
the rules for prime time. Forget funny, they want fashionable. They got a bigger
mess than the Hutton Inquiry. Jon Culshaw has no personality and poor gags.
Jimmy Carr is razor-sharp, but his snob act isn't right for Des's audience.

Why not mix young comics with warmth (Terry Alderton, Peter Kay, Tim Vine) with
proven Des faves (Jethro, Pasquale)?

Smarter still, ITV, get the hottest writers around to work with Johnnie Casson
and Mick Miller. Real pros + new material = comedy gold.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                            Copyright 2003 MGN Ltd.

                              452 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                  Daily Record

                            January 28, 2005, Friday

YOUR VIEW: WATER IDEA

SECTION: LETTERS; Pg. 66

LENGTH: 115 words


WATCHING in disgust last weekend's marches through Glasgow city centre, I came
to the conclusion that if I advertised a march to celebrate the Chuckle
Brothers' 20 years in show business it would attract a huge following of more
nutters.

In other words, the reason for marching is inconsequential, just as long as the
louts can taunt each other, throw missiles and behave like morons.

Might I suggest we spare the police horses and do as they do in Germany and
bring out the water canons?

Why we fail to use this proven crowd controller defeats me as it guarantees the
yobs will scatter and decent citizens can get on with living in the year 2005.

D. M.,Bishopton

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

            Copyright 2005 Scottish Daily Record & Sunday Mail Ltd.

                              453 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                           Coventry Evening Telegraph

                           November 14, 2003, Friday

SLEIGH FUN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 80 words


SOLIHULL Town Centre's Christmas lights are being switched on during an
extravaganza which includes Thomas the Tank Engine and children's TV stars the
Chuckle Brothers.

Father Christmas will make his entry on a sleigh pulled by real reindeer.

Local celebrity and panto star Malcolm Stent will be providing his special brand
of humour, and carols will be sung by pupils from Ruckleigh School.

The lights are being turned on in Mell Square, at 6pm, on Thursday.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Coventry Newspapers Limited

                              454 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                           Grimsby Evening Telegraph

                                October 7, 1998

Star is streets ahead with the children

SECTION: Local Government: Skegness T.C., Pg.10

LENGTH: 134 words


THE choice of celebrity for the annual switch-on of Skegness illuminations has
come under fire.

Deputy Town Mayor Coun Sue MacGregor was disappointed that William Roach was
given the job this year.

She said she would have preferred a children's entertainer to the man who plays
Ken Barlow on the hit soap Coronation Street.

She said: "Last year we had the Chuckle Brothers and they were great. Ken Barlow
is a soap star and not a children's star."

But head of tourism Bob Suich disagreed. The emphasis had been on family
entertainer and the feedback he had received was positive.

Street star Roach had made a good impression with the Mayor.

Coun Terry Bryan said: "He sat in this council chamber signing autographs for
the kids and their parents and I was impressed by how genuine he was."

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1998 Grimsby Evening Telegraph

                              455 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Mirror

                             June 21, 2012 Thursday
                                 Ulster Edition

TWO-FACED COMICS ARE SUCH BAD JOKES

BYLINE: BRIAN READE

SECTION: FEATURES; OPINION, COLUMN; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 551 words


I GREW up with a healthy scepticism for men labelled maverick comic geniuses.

In the 60s, virtually every one that came out of my home city of Liverpool
detested the Labour Party for taxing them too much and, in the 80s, working at
the GLC, I met plenty of right-on comics who espoused right-on causes, only to
become the corporate face of every "fascist" firm from Barclaycard to Dremell
drills.

The biggest Thatcher-baiter of all, Ben Elton, even teamed up with Tory Lord
Lloyd-Webber, writing a song that was played at George W Bush's inauguration.

So it comes as no shock to see two of the sharpest brains in British comedy
currently looking about as edgy as The Chuckle Brothers. And as diminished as
their targets.

The Chuckle Brothers. And as diminished as their targets.

Armando Iannucci, writer of the Armando Iannucci, writer of the political satire
The Thick Of It, has accepted an OBE, thus joining the Establishment he makes a
living out of kicking. Alastair Campbell launched a spirited attack on his
hypocrisy, which drew this mealy mouthed defence: "Does Chris Hoy cycle less
well after being honoured? Is there a suggestion that he has sold out?"

Which sadly appears to signify that, post-royal seal of approval, Armando's
credibility and humour have shrunk in equal measure.

Whatever Campbell's many critics say, he twice turned down a peerage, but then
even rampant egomaniacs like Michael Winner have refused to be seduced by a
sycophantic bauble.

The reality is that Iannucci has bought into a system in which popular figures
are used as a shield to sneak through payback to political cronies. The very
system his writing savages. In future, his anger at the political status quo
will simply look manufactured.

Then there's Jimmy Carr, who, until a fortnight ago, creased me up. Having
watched him perform alongside Sir Cliff outside Buckingham Palace and read that
he pays 1% tax on his multi-million pound income, I'm now creased up with vomit
cramps. This is the same wit who mocked Barclays for running a "1% tax scam" and
attacked "amoral" tax lawyers on his satirical sketch show 10 O'Clock Live.

Carr's response to being outed as an aggressive tax avoider is to say he won't
be lectured to by the Murdoch press, which is almost as weak as Iannucci's Chris
Hoy defence. Because, when George Osborne calls your actions "morally repugnant"
and everyone bar your accountant nods their head, you know your integrity is in
trouble.

How can he ever again assume the moral high ground when he attacks the
hypocritical, greedy or amoral? How can he take pops at benefit cheats, bankers
and corrupt politicians? How can he crack gags about desperate celebrities doing
Sport Relief when he's doing a one-man show in aid of himself called Tax Relief?
How can he throw his heart into satire knowing cynics in the audience are
thinking "You're conning us. There's no truth in your words, you're simply
processing them cleverly to make money you don't pay tax on".

As fellow comedian Frankie Boyle put it: "It's OK to avoid tax, providing every
time you do a joke about a town being s***, you add 'partly down to me, I'm
afraid', under your breath."

Iannucci and Carr have done nothing illegal and will still be laughing all the
way to their banks, but credibility-wise they're hovering close to bankruptcy.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TAX STORM Jimmy Carr

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2012 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              456 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Record

                            April 28, 2007, Saturday

HOLS BRITS CHUCKLE AT TV STAR'S BIKE CRASH

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 208 words


CHUCKLE Brothers star Paul Elliott doesn't have much to laugh about after a
motorbike smash.

The children's TV favourite was injured when he fell off his bike during a
family holiday on the Greek island of Kefalonia yesterday.

And to make matters worse, a passing group of British tourists stopped at the
scene of the accident and poked fun at him.

Instead of helping him, they starting shouting the Chuckle Brothers' catchphrase
"To me, to you."

Paul and his brother Barry are the stars of BBC1 kids' show Chuckle Vision. The
59-year-old suffered a broken nose, cuts and bruises to both legs and a black
eye.

Elliott explained: "I was feeling like Marlon Brando in the film The Wild Ones
when suddenly I took this blind and steep curve in the road.

"To my horror, a shepherd steering goats down the steep road had the goats all
over the place. I knew if I didn't brake and swerve, I would have gone into
them.

"As I braked I lost control and I'm not sure exactly what happened. The next
thing I knew, I was on the floor with the bike on top of me."

A friend of the star said: "Paul's main embarrassment was when a group of
British tourists recognised him. As he was struggling to get the bike off him,
he heard chants of 'To me, to you' followed by laughter."

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: INJURED: Paul Elliott
HIT: The brothers

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 Scottish Daily Record & Sunday Mail Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              457 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                  The Northern Echo (Newsquest Regional Press)

                            October 9, 2014 Thursday

Serious Chuckles

BYLINE: Viv Hardwick

SECTION: ENTS & LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 1059 words


Viv Hardwick has a chat about Rotherham and celebrity witch hunts with The
Chuckle Brothers, who are on much happier ground when it comes to The Chuckles
of Oz

FAMOUSLY, the Chuckle Brothers are from Rotherham. But this is a birthplace that
is no longer a laughing matter. Arriving at Darlington to launch a new pantomime
called The Chuckles Of Zo, which will run from December 6 to January 11, the
comics Paul and Barry Elliot are in a serious frame of mind about their home
town's reputation.

"Why isn't the money (being spent on prosecuting a string of elderly
entertainers) going on getting the guys locked up (in Rotherham). Every one of
them. Instead of these 'he grabbed me bum' cases. Yet, these people have done
horrible things to young girls and the state should be spending money on sorting
that out," says Paul.

"Lots of people have been saying that we have turned the reputation of Rotherham
around. We are icons," he adds.

"And so is the football team, who have not got a new stadium. Then whack, this
happens," says Barry.

"We are proud of our town and we are determined to carry on regardless. It is
something that happens and there is a feeling of, 'Let's get it out of the way',
but the people who didn't sort it should be remonstrated with and have money
taken off them and they should all be in trouble. Witch hunts on people in
showbusiness are happening, but the people who let this happen are not getting
witch-hunted at the moment. It's ridiculous. It's been going on since the early
1990s," says Paul.

The pair point to authorities in Rochdale and Leeds facing similar allegations.

"Some of the (Rotherham) stories I've heard are horrible," says Paul.

"We also got dragged into the Dave Lee Travis case involving panto in Crawley.
We always said that he never did anything at all wrong (on that occasion) and
that was proved second time around. Two females in the show testified that
they'd heard nothing about girls being told about not going near his room. We
had to go twice and give evidence.

"I got into trouble on Twitter the second time for putting a photo (selfie) of
us outside (the courtroom). We did that because the first time we went there
were 40 paparazzi and about five TV companies covering the case. When we went
this time there wasn't one. So, I said, 'Well I'll take one myself then'. In our
view DLT was a good guy," says Paul.

"We've got nothing to worry about (involving the seemingly endless investigation
of well-known entertainers). We've never done anything like that and would never
dream of doing anything like that. But, it's still a nasty witch hunt and asking
people to come out and say, 'He did this to me, or he did that to me'. And
where's the proof? It's all one-on-one which allows people to come out and start
doing it."

Barry adds: "I read a letter in The Sun from someone who said, 'What's going to
happen in future, are we all going to get arrested?' Chatting a girl up is all
part of a night out. Obviously it's different if it's rape, but if we're talking
about putting a hand on someone's knee then we're all in trouble."

It should be pointed out that DLT was give a suspended sentence of three months
for indecently assaulting a woman in 1995.

Rotherham-born Paul and Barry Elliott are in more jovial mood about approaching
50 years in pantomime and being invited to star in a new production based on The
Wizard Of Oz.

"I think it was Nick Thomas' idea, the boss of Qdos. We weren't sure whether
we'd play the Scarecrow and Tin Man or the Lion... we certainly weren't going to
play Dorothy or the Wicked Witch. Then it was decided we'd be the Wizards," says
Paul.

"Well, we've always had magical powers," adds Barry.

"We'll make sure the Tin Man gets a heart and the Lion gets courage," says Paul.

"What will I get?" asks Barry. "You won't get anything," Paul reassures him.

With the country being officially called Chuckles the pair feel confident that
if they own the place then most of their favourite routines can be reintroduced
for another panto season.

The Emerald City, the sleeping field of poppies and theKansas house taking off
in the twister are all set to be included in the plot.

"There is a Wicked Witch and flying monkeys, but we're not sure how big the
budget is," says Paul.

Christmas Eve this year will also see Barry reach the ripe old age of 70.

"I'm not looking forward to it, to be honest," he says.

"I'm going to give Barry an extra push on stage for his birthday or I might give
him a medal because he'll have been part of a double act for 52 years and 55
since he started in the business," chips in Paul.

The last few scenes will have a lot of lines for the popular pair of comics.

"I've learned all mine already," say Barry, "But I'll have forgotten them all by
Christmas."

"Well, you can take mine as well. All I'll say is, 'You tell 'em Barry'," says
Paul.

Away from panto, the Chuckles are busy enhancing their TV career in Celebrity
Juice where they are playing super-humans.

"There are eight of us, although the pair of us only count as one. We're
Tomeatron and Toyouatron. We look like Transformers and compete against the
Fantastic Four and we are the baddies for the first time," says Paul.

The Chuckles are also taking part in Text Santa for ITV and it will be shown on
December 19.

The pair are supporting comedian and presenter Paddy McGuiness as he takes part
in The Cube to win money for a good cause.

Then the pair are taking part in a filming session at Tinchy Stryder's studio
where they'll record a single and video which will be a contender for Christmas
No 1.

"It is likely to be called To Me To You, but I don't know. It's a comedy rap
with Tinchy talking to us. It's all about the story of us going to his studio to
mend a leak in the roof," says Paul.

The three met on Celebrity Juice and Tinchy told the Chuckles he was fan and the
three forged a friendship.

"It was me who said that people had told me he was going to lay down a track and
it would be fun it we were on it. He agreed and invited us down to the studio.
We had a great laugh," says Paul.

Do the pair feel it will their single versus the X Factor this year?

"We all said it would be nice to be No 1 rather than X Factor. All we need is an
internet campaign," Paul adds.

The Chuckles Of Oz, Darlington Civic Theatre, Saturday, December 6 to Sunday,
January 11. Box Office3: 01325-486555 or darlingtoncivic.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              458 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                            January 23, 2012 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Class Tales

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 116 words


LONGHILL PRIMARY SCHOOL: The school is hosting an open day to celebrate the
reopening of its nursery which was devastated by fire in 2010.

The nursery was officially reopened by the Chuckle Brothers before Christmas but
now Longhill Primary wants to give others a chance to admire the new building.

Staff at the Shannon Road school will welcome parents from Tuesday, February 7,
from 9am to 3pm.

Visitors will be able to chat to teachers and admire the children's work.

The nursery was destroyed by a fire that started in the kitchenette.

Pupils had to be relocated to the sports hall until February last year when they
were moved to a temporary building. They are now working in the newly built
nursery.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TO ME! Chuckle Brothers opening new nursery.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDM


                         Copyright 2012 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved

                              459 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                            Derby Evening Telegraph

                            April 10, 2010 Saturday

Lewis asks TV pair, 'why do you always get it wrong?'

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 215  words


This is the moment  TV comedy  duo the Chuckle Brothers brought a smile to the
face of five-year-old cancer sufferer Lewis Mighty.

Paul and Barry - famed for messing up jobs in  BBC show  ChuckleVision - met
with Lewis  after performing An Audience with the Chuckle Brothers at Derby's
Assembly Rooms.

And when brave   Lewis met with the pair, he had an important question for them.

"Why do you mess up so many jobs?" asked Lewis.

"It's always Barry's fault," said Paul.

Following the recent completion of their 21st series of   ChuckleVision, Paul
and Barry decided to interact live with their audience and fans.

During their show in Derby, they talked about the most memorable incidents of
their comedy career and what it is like to become one of Britain's best-loved
family double acts.

Lewis is battling neuroblastoma - a rare form of childhood cancer - and has been
given only a 20% chance of surviving the year.

His parents, Jaime and Perry, of Mackworth, want their son to have treatment in
America in a bid to boost his chances of survival.

However,  the treatment will cost £300,000, so the couple have launched a
fund-raising drive.

Jamie said: "Lewis went on stage during the show and he absolutely loved it.

"He is a big fan of ChuckleVision and was really excited to meet Paul and
Barry."

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 42


                     Copyright 2010 Derby Evening Telegraph
                              All Rights Reserved

                              460 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                 Halesowen News

                             July 14, 2009 Tuesday

Dancers to star with TV's Chuckle Brothers

SECTION: ROUND-UP (HALES NEWS ROUNDUP)

LENGTH: 330 words


FIVE talented Black Country dancers have scooped the chance of a lifetime to go
on a national pantomime tour with children's TV favourites the Chuckle Brothers.

They are all members of Cradley Heath's Debonair Dance Academy and one of them -
16-year-old Mitchell Baggott - is the great nephew of the famous duo.

His mum, Debbie Baggott, niece of the zany Paul and Barry Elliott, runs the
dance school and will choreograph the panto which will be performed at some of
the country's top theatres including the Birmingham Hippodrome and the
Manchester Palace during its 21-date tour starting in November.

The fantasy adventure, A Christmas Chuckle, will be a real family affair also
featuring the Patton Brothers - Mitchell's other great uncle Brian and
grandfather Jimmy.

Joining Mitchell on stage will be Debonair dancers Lucy Hill and Rachel
Cadwalleder, both aged 19, Bethan Bryan, aged 20 and 21-year-old Stacey
Cornfield.

Debbie said: "It's a great opportunity for them and hopefully they will all earn
their Equity cards through it, to enable them to do more professional work."

Mitchell - and his 14-year-old brother Danny, also a dancer, have show business
in their blood with the family tradition being passed down from this great
grandfather, James Patton Elliott, who was a well-known gang show performer
called Gene Patton who worked with 18-year-old Peter Sellers in 1943.

Debbie was a dancer, married to singer Steve Harvey who performed together with
top names including Shirley Bassey and Russ Abbott, before settling down to have
their sons.

She has run her dance school for ten years and 40 of her troupers will be
performing to holiday makers on a week-long Mediterraneam cruise later this
month.

Her comedian father Jimmy, who has 60 years showbiz experience, will also be
giving drama and comedy workshops at Debonair's summer school at its base at
Temple Meadow Primary School. Wrights Lane, from Monday to Friday August 10 to
14.

For details contact Debbie on 07743 181754.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              461 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            Derby Evening Telegraph

                                December 9, 2000

Panto goes downa storm

SECTION: Showbiz: THEATRE, Pg.15

LENGTH: 192 words


Custard pies, pantomime cows and predictable jokes are part and parcel of any
festive panto.

Blend them with lavish sets, outlandish costumes and a star-studded cast and the
recipe for success is assured.

Certainly, last night's production of Jack and the Beanstalk went down a storm
with children and adults alike.

Jack is played by the exuberant Bonnie Langford with great spirit. The Chuckle
Brothers are in fine form as her intellectually challenged brothers known as the
Trots - and the jokes come thick and fast!

Together, they battle to outsmart the evil giant and his sinister sidekick,
Fleshcreep, played superbly by Robin Askwith.

Veteran cabaret performer Don Mclean makes an excellent dame and Tony Adams,
formerly of Crossroads, is nicely bumptious as King Crumble.

Possibly the most memorable aspect, though, is the set. It captures the essence
of a magical wonderland and enhances the production enormously.

Fast paced, colourful and entertaining, this pantomime is one of the slickest
productions imaginable.

And the special effects are exactly what you would expect from such a lavish
production.
        - Ben Rooth.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                     Copyright 2000 Derby Evening Telegraph

                              462 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Mirror

                           February 25, 2010 Thursday
                                  Eire Edition

JOKERS IN THE PACK;
ENGLAND V IRELAND TWO DAYS TO TWICKENHAM TEST

BYLINE: MICHAEL SCULLY

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 40,41

LENGTH: 699 words


THEY'RE the Chuckle Brothers who will show their deadly serious side when they
target England's lineout at Twickenham.

Paul O'Connell's long second row partnership with Munster colleague Donncha
O'Callaghan was disrupted a month ago when the latter suffered the knee injury
that kept him out of Ireland's opening Six Nations games against France and
Italy.

But while O'Callaghan is seen as the junior member of the pairing, the
importance of their partnership was underlined by Declan Kidney on Tuesday when
he fired him straight back into the side at Leo Cullen's expense - despite not
playing at all since limping off against Northampton on January 22.

Cullen had performed brilliantly in the lineout on his return to full Six
Nations action after a seven-year sojourn caused by the almost telepathic
understanding of O'Callaghan and O'Connell.

With 125 caps between them, they are up there with South African duo Victor
Matfield and Bakkies Botha.

Both led the Lions into battle last summer - O'Connell as squad captain,
O'Callaghan as a midweek skipper.

Yet while they are a formidable force when they act in unison on the pitch, off
it they cannot wait to slag each other off.

O'Connell used his recent Late Late Show appearance to claim O'Callaghan barely
registered a point in his school exams - and that he uses fake tan.

And commenting on O'Callaghan's Christmas wedding, he said: "He had a great tan
for it considering he wasn't away - he uses sun beds does Donncha.

"He's very sallow but once it hits winter he gets panicky and hits the beds."

Overjoyed to be back involved for the England game, O'Callaghan smiles broadly
when O'Connell's Late Late tirade is mentioned.

"He was terrible," he began. "No, no he was good!

He said some nice things but every one remembers him slagging me over my Leaving
Cert and fake tans and making up general stuff.

"It's easy to see he's jealous.

That's just a normal day in the changing room to be fair but the worst thing
about this was that it was in front of the entire country.

"Paulie's just jealous - he's no hair, no tan, no teeth. You look at the two of
us it's clear to see who the better second row is -better-looking second row -
he'd be back at me over that!"

O'Callaghan's response to his Limerick sparring partner is a reminder of his
younger days when he was known as the Munster squad clown.

Thirty-one next month and with 58 caps to his name, the Corkman is deadly
serious about his own game and the quest for further success.

He added: "There are definitely times to knock off and relax but when it comes
to rugby I don't think there would be anyone who takes their job as seriously.

"That's the important thing - that you can split the two. If I spent the whole
time tuned into rugby I'd go crazy.

"All those stories are made up anyway, that's O'Connell looking to divert and
cause trouble and blame someone else."

The exchange is a signal that morale remains high in the Ireland camp despite
the damaging loss in Paris two Saturdays ago. O'Callaghan admits to being
"selfish" in his bid to get fit again over the last three weeks, stealing time
with the physios whenever possible.

He spent a week with Munster in Lanzarote as well. "It was brilliant - boxing at
seven in the morning, swimming at seven in the evening. I realised I'm no boxer
and no swimmer, so I'm glad to be back playing ball!" But the injury, he says,
is fully behind him. It was caused by a bang to the side of his knee and damaged
medial ligaments.

O'Callaghan said: "I was taking every type of herb and stuff but you have to
accept it takes time, it's frustrating but you can use it for what it is. Seeing
the lads run out the last two times was really tough to watch when you're at the
level of wanting to go out and perform.

"I wouldn't say I ever took it for granted before but it brings home how much it
means to me and how proud I am to run out with the Irish team. It's all that
matters to me, it's everything."

But O'Callaghan has sympathy for Cullen who he claims had two "super" games".

He added: "I have to perform and that's the case this Saturday when you look at
the performances that Leo has put in.

"That's the standard now set and that's the case throughout the team."

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: VOTE OF CONFIDENCE Declan Kidney has brought O'Callaghan straight back
in FUN LOVING O'Callaghan, left, and Paul O'Connell will be deadly serious this
weekend and, inset, the real Chuckle Brothers

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2010 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              463 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Mail (London)

                            April 12, 2008 Saturday

THE NEW CHUCKLE BROTHERS

BYLINE: Yvonne Tarleton

SECTION: IRE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 161 words


IT S a nickname usually associated with two other figures closely linked to the
North s renaissance.

But Bertie Ahern and Tony Blair could easily have been dubbed:  The Chuckle
Brothers    the soubriquet awarded to Martin McGuinness and Ian Paisley due to
their surprisingly cordial alliance at the helm of the Stormont Executive   when
they were photographed at Dublin Castle yesterday.

The two poiitical heavyweights were at a function to mark the tenth anniversary
of the Good Friday Agreement, which they both played a lead role in. Others
present included U.S negotiator George Mitchell and ex-SDLP leader John Hume
two other key players in the process   as well as campaigners Bono and Bob
Geldof.

The soon-to-be former Taoiseach said:  It s obviously a pleasant evening to be
here together for the tenth anniversary of the Good Friday Agreement, to look
back and reflect on the last ten years and look into the future as well at how
things can continue to develop.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Pressure s off: Bertie Ahern and ex-PM Tony Blair at Dublin Castle
yesterday

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2008 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              464 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            Birmingham Evening Mail

                             May 25, 1999, Tuesday

TOMTOYOUTOYOUTOME

SECTION: Pg. 10

LENGTH: 41 words


RACEHORSE owner Jack Clayton, from Blackpool, has finalled persuaded the Jockey
Club to accept the name he wants to givehis new filly. They thought
Tometoyoutoyoutome - catchprhase of the Chuckle Brothers - was too much of a
tongue-twister.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 1999 Midland Independent Newspapers plc

                              465 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Mirror

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                Northern Ireland

Dr No to Chuckle Brother;
DEATH OF REVEREND IAN PAISLEY: 1926-2014 Extraordinary life of the man who cast
a shadow on Ulster politics for 50 years

BYLINE: CHRIS MONCRIEFF; MAURICE FITZMAURICE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8,9

LENGTH: 1535 words


HE threw snowballs at a Taoiseach, branded a Pope the anti-Christ and was best
known for bellowing "never, never, never," - but was born again as a Chuckle
Brother.

The conversion of Dr No to peacemaker says much of the contradiction that formed
the bedrock of the peace process and defined Paisley himself.

Ian Kyle Paisley was a preacher at heart, but his detractors would say his heart
was full of a hate that would help the Troubles burn for decades.

Why he had his road to Damascus conversion from labelling Sinn Fein members
"bloodthirsty monsters" to laughing and joking with Martin McGuinness has been
put down to many things, from a health scare in 2004 and to his yearning for
power, prestige and ultimately his legacy.

He was the most fiery, uncompromising and bellicose politician throughout the
Troubles but his evolution from fiery outsider to elder statesman is a lesson in
history with many chapters.

On May 8, 2007, he stood at a rostrum in Stormont, with Tony Blair just behind
him, saying: "If anybody had told me a few years ago that I would be doing this
I would have been unbelieving."

BODY

On another occasion he had said Sinn Fein would govern Northern Ireland "over my
dead body".No one had thought they would ever see Paisley and Sinn Fein
president Gerry Adams sitting round the same table.

Paisley, however, said they should never forget the past, but should not allow
it to blight future generations.

And then, a few days later he was photographed shaking hands with another arch
enemy, Taoiseach Bertie Ahern and with Stormont's new Deputy First Minister Mr
McGuinness.

Supporters deny this was a volte face, but it was certainly the most spectacular
change of direction witnessed in Northern Ireland in living memory.

Ultimately, in the spring of 2008, Dr Paisley retired as First Minister, a post
taken over by his DUP deputy for many years, Peter Robinson, who also took over
as leader of the party.

But for some four decades, and right into his 80s, Paisley was a towering figure
in Northern Ireland's political stage.

He was the ultimate firebrand, denounced by his many political enemies -
including the Ulster Unionist Party - as a stubborn trouble-maker, who would
exploit any situation or development which he feared was leading to unification
with the Republic.

But Paisley would argue he was merely defending the right of the majority in
Northern Ireland to remain in the UK.

His contempt for the Ulster Unionists was complete and almost as intense as his
dislike of republicans.

Paisley, whose constant watchword was "No surrender", delivered in a booming,
thunderous voice, seemed to oppose every move by London to try to bring peace.

Whether it was a peace process, a new form of devolved government or the Ulster
Unionists, Paisley would find something to protest about.

His speeches - he was easily the finest orator in Northern Ireland - were
condemned by his opponents as inflammatory, bigoted and rabble-rousing. His
denunciations of the Pope - "the scarlet woman of Rome" - and the Catholic
Church in general were savage and uncompromising.

The "Big Man", as he was known, maintained he never sold out on his strict
principles.

When fighting elections, either for Westminster or Brussels, Paisley could
command massive majorities.

He could not merely sway crowds, he could sway entire constituencies.

Ian Richard Kyle Paisley was born on April 6, 1926, the son of a Baptist
minister.

He gave his first sermon aged 16.

He was educated at Ballymena Model School, Ballymena Technical High School,
South Wales Bible College, and the Reformed Presbyterian Theological College,
Belfast.

He was ordained in 1946 and was Moderator of the Free Presbyterian Church of
Ulster in 1951.

One of his first actions was to protest about the lowering of the Union Flag at
Belfast City Hall as a mark of respect after the death of the Pope.

His political and religious activities were g inseparable.

He forged links with Christian fundamentalists across the world, particularly in
the US Bible Belt.

His critics accused him of having stood in the way of every political initiative
in Northern Ireland since the 1960s. Not only had he denounced, in the strongest
language, what he saw as the evils of nationalism and republicanism, but he also
fought a long-running and bitter feud with the Ulster Unionists.

Virtually every Ulster Unionist leader of this period was labelled by Paisley as
a traitor or a Judas, determined to sell Northern Ireland into a united Ireland.

And although he condemned violence, he was known to get involved with some
unsavoury elements himself. In 1981, he appeared on a hillside at dead of night
with 500 men brandishing firearms licences and he had a dalliance with Ulster
Resistance, a movement with more than a whiff of paramilitarism.

He sat in the old Stormont from 1970-72, with a reputation as a man who could
not be compromised.

Paisley was elected an MP for North Antrim in 1970 and an MEP in 1979.

But before that he was lambasting the moderate Prime Minister Terence O'Neil as
a traitor to unionism. In elections he invariably topped the polls. In 1972 he
formed the DUP which proved a magnet at election times to Protestant voters. He
appeared to find fault with every new initiative, whether it was the Anglo-Irish
Agreement in 1985, the Good Friday Agreement, power-sharing or new forms of
governing the Province.

During the talks involved in the Good Friday Agreement, Paisley denounced UUP
leader David Trimble for selling out and predicted his rival would be cast into
the political wilderness.

He also accused George J Mitchell, the man who chaired the Good Friday
negotiations, of being partial to nationalists, denouncing him as "chairman of
the Kennedy stable of the Boston lobby".

Never would he sit down with Republicans to thrash out political initiatives. He
once said: "I am not going to sit down with bloodthirsty monsters who have been
killing and terrifying my people."

At Westminster he was by no means the prominent figure he had been in the
Stormont Parliament, but he had his moments nevertheless. More than once he was
ordered from the Chamber for unparliamentary language - he accused ministers of
lying - and refused to withdraw his remarks.

Throughout direct rule was imposed from London, successive secretaries of state
had to endure his wrath.

He stoutly resisted any agreement which he believed would extend the influence
of the Irish Republic into the affairs of Northern Ireland.

He opposed the Sunningdale Agreement in 1973 and was deeply involved in the
Ulster Workers' Strike which brought down the power-sharing administration in
1974.

OPPOSED

Throughout his career, he remained fiercely opposed to any attempt to let Sinn
Fein take up ministerial posts, or to set up cross-border bodies.

In 1999, he caused uproar by using parliamentary privilege to name people he
said were behind a massacre in Northern Ireland 23 years earlier.

Into his 70s, his booming voice may have become a little weaker, but his resolve
to retain Ulster as an integral part of the United Kingdom remained as powerful
as ever.

With the virtual political massacre of the Ulster Unionists in 2005, Paisley
became the leader of the largest Northern Ireland party at Westminster.

He also seemed to mellow a little, but there was still no hint of compromise in
his political dealings - until his groundbreaking deal with Sinn Fein.

Paisley said no one could ever accuse him of surrendering his principles.

Even so, his decision to share power with Sinn Fein caused a number of
resignations from his DUP.

In 2010 he confirmed he would not contest the General Election, marking the end
of his Westminster career.

It was announced last year that veteran clergyman was to retire from ministry
but he was in good spirits at a farewell service at the Martyrs Memorial church
in Belfast at the end of January.

He is survived by his wife Eileen, whom he married in 1956. They had two sons -
Ian Jnr holds his father's former Westminster seat, while Kyle is a minister in
his father's church - and three daughters, Rhonda, Sharon and Cherith.

irish@mgn.co.uk

VOICE OF THE MIRROR: PAGE 10

IMPACT FELT IN WESTMINSTER, EUROPE AND FINALLY STORMONT

1970: Rev Ian Paisley was first elected to Westminster as the Protestant
Unionist MP for North Antrim.

1971: A year later he founded the DUP, which he led until 2008.

1974: He played a key role in orchestrating the Ulster Workers' Council Strike,
which brought Norther Ireland to a standstill.

1979: Elected to the European Parliament.

1985: He vehemently opposed the Anglo-Irish Agreement and accused the British
Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher of a betrayal of unionists

1988: The MEP caused anger after storming an address by Pope John Paul II in
Strasbourg and denouncing him as the antichrist.

1998: He is seemingly exiled to the political wilderness after voters approve
the Good Friday Agreement.

2003: He sees the DUP become the biggest party in Northern Ireland.

2007: Rev Paisley accepted the position of First Minister sharing power with
long-time political enemy Martin McGuinness.

2008: Resigned as First Minster, he was succeeded by deputy leader Peter
Robinson.

I am not going to sit down with bloodthirsty monsters who kill IAN PAISLEY on
power-sharing

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DRIVEN Posing for camera in 2004DEFIANT Resisting the Anglo-Irish
Agreement in 1985FIREBRAND Paisley was accused of being a sectarian bigotPROTEST
Former DUP leader is arrested in 1980SHAKE ON IT Meeting Taoiseach Bertie
AhernFULL CIRCLE Ian Paisley and Martin McGuinness struck up a close
relationship in 2007

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMR


                            Copyright 2014 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              466 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                          December 12, 2012 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Why ... I always have a Chuckle

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 77 words


AND finally, I made the annual pilgrimage to worship at the shrine of Saints
Paul and Barry this weekend. I never get tired of seeing Barry Chuckle doing his
bony striptease act.

TO ME: Chuckle Brothers.

Bizarrely, despite my Grinch-like heart that usually abhors all things
Christmassy, I actually love panto and think the Chuckles are comedy colossi.
And in the worlds of my four-year-old daughter Tilly: "Daddy. I like the silly
man with the big nose. He's funny."

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TO ME: Chuckle Brothers.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDM


                         Copyright 2012 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved

                              467 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                UK Newsquest Regional Press - This is Wiltshire

                               February 13, 2004

Chuckle Bros go potty to entertain the young fans

LENGTH: 447 words


FEBRUARY 15 OXFORD: BARRY Chuckle is famous for making DIY blunders on TV but he
is a skilled handyman at home.

Barry 59 better known as one of the Chuckle Brothers will be making mischief
with his comedy partner and brother Paul in Oxford on Sunday.

This time they are taking a break from the familiar 'to me to you' banter and
doing a spoof on Harry Potter. The accident-prone duo have wracked their brains
to produce Barry Potty in the Chamber of Horrors.

Barry said: "Basically two brothers go to magic school and make lots of
mistakes."

When not causing mayhem on stage or screen Barry likes building things at his
home in Rotherham.

He said: "I like doing DIY. I can knock up shelves or a breakfast bar. Last year
I built a summerhouse in the garden."

His brother Paul 56 from Doncaster is not so handy. He now hires people for
renovation work after accidentally sawing through a coffee table.

Barry said: "He was resting on it and went straight through. I suppose I'm more
mature than him.

"Paul is quite messy. But I'm clean and tidy."

Performing runs in the family ' their parents Gene and Amy Patten appeared in
shows in theatres throughout the North and their older brothers Jimmy 72 and
Bryan 70 are also comedians.

He said: "They are still doing their double act. My parents had six children so
it was a big family."

Barry fell in love with one of his dancers Ann 33 years ago while performing in
Skegness. They married and had two children Barry 26 and Carrie-Ann 30. But they
haven't followed in their father's footsteps ' Barry junior is a graphic
designer and Carrie-Ann has just had a baby daughter Leonie.

Barry and Paul are not total opposites. They have the same cars Jaguar XK8s and
both like a round of golf. But the similarities end there.

Barry said: "I play pool and have a pool table at home. Paul is a snooker man
and he has a full-size table at his place."

As for holidays they also have different favourite destinations. While Barry is
a fan of the Canary Islands Paul would sooner go to the Algarve.

Barry's sense of humour is very Benny Hill. He has only seen The Office once and
freely admits it's not his cup of tea.

He said: "I like On The Buses comedy that gives you a real belly laugh."

Yet there is another side to slapstick-loving Barry. In future he fancies doing
some serious work.

He said: "People always come up to me and say 'to me to you.' I don't mind. But
it would be great to do something completely different. I certainly have no
intention of retiring yet."

Tickets to see Barry Potty in the Chamber of Horrors cost £8.50.

For bookings call 0870 606 3500.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: News

                  Copyright 2004 NewsQuest Media Group Limited

                              468 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                        The Huddersfield Daily Examiner

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Woman's 'complete shock' at Travis 'assault'

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 517 words


A WOMAN has told a court she was "frightened" and in "complete shock" after DJ
Dave Lee Travis put his hand in her trousers while they worked together on a
production of Aladdin.

She said the "bear-like" former Radio 1 star touched her groin during the
incident in his dressing room and the assault was only stopped when Travis's
co-stars, the Chuckle Brothers, walked past.

The woman told Travis's retrial at Southwark Crown Court in London she went into
his dressing room during the pantomine's run in the early 1990s.

"Dave Lee Travis was standing behind me with his hand on the door above my head,
forcibly closing it," she said. "He then put his hand down the front of my
trousers."

The woman, who cannot be named, said Travis touched her groin as he put his hand
between her trousers and underwear.

"My main focus was to get out," she said. "I was really frightened. I didn't
know what was going to happen next. I was very confused.

"It came as a complete shock. I was desperate to get out." The woman, who was in
her early 20s at the time of the alleged assault, said she managed to open the
door by a few centimetres when she heard someone say "Alright Dave".

Travis then removed his hand from her trousers and released the door, she said.

She then realised it was the Chuckle Brothers, Paul and Barry Elliott, who had
walked past the door, she added.

"I felt like every bit of my body was touched by his body," the woman said.
"He's a big chap, bear-like. I was very shaken up, almost disbelieving about
what occurred."

The woman said she feared she would not be believed and may lose her job
following the alleged assault and she agreed with a male colleague that she
would not return to Travis's dressing room.

"Dave Lee Travis was the star," she said. "Accusing the main star in the show of
doing something like that - how is that going to affect your career?" The woman
said she later heard that women in the production had to be chaperoned by male
colleagues when alone with Travis.

"I felt naive," she said. "I thought 'maybe this goes on all the time.'"."

She told the court Travis pointed out that she never came to his dressing room
anymore during "banter" at a bar following the alleged assault The jury of six
men and six women were told the Chuckle Brothers could not remember the alleged
incident.

Travis, 69, who is charged under his real name of David Griffin, faces a retrial
on two counts - one of indecent assault of a woman between November 1 1990 and
January 31 1991, and another of sexual assault on a different woman between June
1 2008 and November 30 2008 - on which a jury was unable to reach verdicts at a
trial earlier this year.

He has also pleaded not guilty to an additional count of indecent assault
alleged to have taken place on January 17, 1995.

The allegations span a period from 1985 to 2008 and were alleged to have taken
place when Travis was working as a DJ or entertainer, such as starring in a
pantomime, or as a guest celebrity, or in his own home while he was being
interviewed. Travis, who was first arrested in October 2012, denies all the
charges, jurors have heard.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ¦ DJ Dave Lee Travis, after ¦a woman told a court shewas left
"frightened" and in "complete shock"

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDE


                           Copyright 2014 MGN Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              469 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                      Hemsworth and South Elmsall Express

                              July 31, 2015 Friday

SLIDESHOW: Wakefield District's week of news in pictures

LENGTH: 58  words


From charity fundraising events, to summer galas and a visit from the Chuckle
Brothers, we bring you some of this week's news headlines from across the
district in pictures.

From charity fundraising events, to summer galas and a visit from the Chuckle
Brothers, we bring you some of this week's news headlines from across the
district in pictures.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NYHE


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              470 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                  Racing Post

                           August 16, 2000, Wednesday

GREYHOUNDS: LETTERS: DEMISE;
 S BUCKLEY FEELS ROMFORD'S STANDARDS HAVE SLIPPED

BYLINE: S Buckley

SECTION: GREYHOUND NEWS; Pg. 77

LENGTH: 94 words


Why is Romford Stadium being allowed to be run down?

It has been well documented that the grader has discouraged punters with
ridiculously hard and shapeless races. However, from the clueless, uninterested
catering staff to the poor old tote operators, the management should really take
a visit to Walthamstow to see how to do it properly.

Incidentally, isn't it about time they brought in the 'Chuckle Brothers' to give
the place a lick of paint. What a shame to see the demise of a former racecourse
of the year.

S BUCKLEY

Plaistow

Essex

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Paper

                             Copyright 2000 MGN Ltd

                              471 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                              Sheffield Telegraph

                           August 27, 2014 Wednesday

Rotherham legends recall 50 years of chuckles

LENGTH: 241  words


South Yorkshire comic legends the Chuckle Brothers are celebrating 50 years in
showbusiness - and are marking the occasion with the publication of an
autobiography.

Paul and Barry are on a book signing tour which will be coming to Sheffield, at
WH Smith on Fargate, at noon on Saturday, September 13.

The Chuckle Brothers: Fifty Years of To Me... To You recalls the lads'
upbringing in Rotherham and their first steps into the industry in the 1960s.

The book, which has a foreword by Ken Dodd, was written by Paul with Bernard
Bale and also lifts the lid on Barry's days in a boy band.

It recalls how their first gig together was at the London Palladium and how they
worked in Edinburgh as a song and dance act.

Early TV success came when they impressed audiences on both Opportunity Knocks
and later New Faces.

The book continues their story by telling how they became household names in the
hugely popular ChuckleVision TV show, which first ran in 1987, up to their
present-day theatre tours.

Their live shows have included Pirates of The River Rother and Indiana Chuckles
and the Kingdom of the Mythical Sulk.

Bernard said: "They've paid their dues along the way - they know what it's like
to play to a lunchtime crowd in a working men's club, where half the audience
are reading the Sunday papers and the other half are asleep.

"They know what it's like to endure personal tragedy but still have to go on
stage and get the audience crying with laughter."

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NSTE


                       Copyright 2014 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              472 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                  Sunday Life

                                 April 14, 2013
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

JUST a couple of days [...]

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 36 words


JUST a couple of days after the Good Friday Agreement was signed back in 1998,
the headliners in a concert at the Waterfront Hall in Belfast were...

the Chuckle Brothers. No, not them.

These were the real Chuckle Brothers.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BSL


                           Copyright 2013 Sunday Life
                              All Rights Reserved

                              473 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                    The Sun

                                  May 3, 2005

THE SHAMING OF BARRY CHUCKLE IS A CLASSIC

BYLINE: Richard Littlejohn

SECTION: LITTLEJOHN; OPINION

LENGTH: 89 words


    REGULAR readers will be aware that I am a connoisseur of kiss-and-tell
stories.

    The shaming of Barry Chuckle is a classic. Some dopey bird has a fumble with
him in the back of a car, then comes over all coy when her husband finds out.

    Ladies, if you'd let one of the Chuckle Brothers put his hand up your skirt
at a motorway service area on the M18, I would imagine you'd keep quiet about
it.

    Not Sally Williams. "I want people to know what Barry Chuckle is really
like."

    Sally Williams is 37.

    Priceless.


LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2005 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD

                              474 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                  Sunday Life

                                  May 25, 2014
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

ROY'S SMILES HAPPIER NOW;
INTERNATIONAL FOOTBALL LATEST NEWS AS THE REPUBLIC PREPARE FOR TURKEY He's not
as grumpy as he seems on TV, says Republic boss O'Neill

BYLINE: CIARAN O RAGHALLAIGH

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 72,73

LENGTH: 535 words


REP. OF IRELAND V TURKEY

Today, Aviva Stadium Kick-off: 6.00pm

MARTIN O'Neill says Roy Keane isn't scary - he's just misunderstood.

The 'Bad-cop, Bad-cop' ' double act have become the Chuckle Brothers since
taking charge of the Republic of Ireland last November and O''Neill is
dumbfounded that people have created an image of Keane somewhere between Kim
Jong-Il and Pol Pot.

The ex-Celtic boss thinks Keane''s infamous rage might come out when the real
action kicks off later in the year, but he''s not afraid of what he''s seen so
far.

"I'm not in the least bit scared of Roy Keane - I wouldn''t have brought him in
in the first place if I was," he said.

"I really like Roy. I like him a lot. I think he's a totally different
personality to the one he portrays here, amazingly.

"I enjoy his company immensely and I love his enthusiasm.

"Has he put order on the dressing room? He hasn't had an opportunity to do that
yet.

"I'm sure we will find out a little bit more about that but that's my job -
otherwise I might as well pack it in.

"He's good with the players and has worked with one or two of the players
before. I think you'd have to ask them, but I think they see a bit of a
difference in him but I don't want him to change too much."

O'Neill also laughed off suggestions the duo are the new Brian Clough and Peter
Taylor (left), joking that Keane doesn''t make him laugh like Taylor did Clough.

But he''s adamant Keane will become a manager in his own right again, and
believes the Irish job will help him reach that goal.

"I really don't see the Clough/Taylor angle at all," he said, "I wouldn't bore
the young lads but I could knock holes in that left, right and centre.

"Taylor was terrific for the manager. He made the manager laugh, Roy doesn't
make me laugh all the time... that's a joke.

"He's absolutely fine. He does. But I don't see the comparison.

"I've been reasonably steadfast and constant in saying that Roy will be a
manager again, so I think this has been good for him. I'm sure the ITV things
have helped as well.

"But this here has put him into profile again in the sense that people are
bandying his name around for other jobs. Other people are asking about him all
the time and I have no doubt that Roy will manage again."

For now, O'Neill is in charge and, with the first of four friendlies today
against Turkey, he''s hoping to get to know even more about the players he''s
working with.

"I was really and genuinely delighted by the commitment shown by the players
when I rang around about this tour," he said, "I want as many as possible of
these players to get some game time.

"Am I going to make a major judgment on someone's abilities over this next three
weeks because they might only get half an hour or 40 minutes' game time? I don't
know about that, but I'm hoping that at the end of these matches I'll have a
better picture of this group of players.

"What these upcoming few weeks give me is an opportunity to change a system,
because we may need to do it at some point in the future.

"And if I was to do that in the European games - when the players had no
experience whatsoever of a different system - that could totally backfire. So
this is an opportunity to experiment."

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHUCKLE BROTHERS: Republic of Ireland boss Martin O'Neill says he is
enjoying working alongside Roy Keane

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BSL


                           Copyright 2014 Sunday Life
                              All Rights Reserved

                              475 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                               Coventry Telegraph

                          November 21, 2012 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

EU referendum will see us vote;
Letters

SECTION: LETTERS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 127 words


THE voter turnout for the police commissioner elections was embarrassingly low
and I'm sure many politicians will be saying "if you don't vote, you have no
right to complain".

Yet myself and many others voted Tory in the last general election. I believed I
was voting for real change and a strong party, instead we ended up with
Westminster's answer to the Chuckle Brothers.

If Chuckle Brother Cameron and sidekick Clegg really want to see an increase in
voter turnout then give us the referendum on the EU that we were promised. This
will boost the voter turnout, but not with the result that the coalition wants.

As two old sayings go, "if voting changed anything it would be banned" and "once
bitten, twice shy".

Brian Nathan-Partridge, Mantilla Drive, Styvechale.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CVT


                   Copyright 2012 Coventry Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              476 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                            August 4, 2012 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Panto stars announced

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 78 words


HULL:Christmas is still months away but the stars of the city's panto season
have been announced - the Chuckle Brothers.

The cheeky pair will be starring in Sleeping Beauty from December 6. Last year's
performance of Cinderella, which also starred the Chuckle Brothers, set a new
record for the theatre, with the highest ever total net box office figures for a
pantomime at the venue. They are back by popular demand bringing with them
well-loved visual slapstick humour.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDM


                         Copyright 2012 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved

                              477 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                            December 16, 2011 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Cracking panto from consummate comedians;
Cinderella Hull New Theatre

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 177 words


YOU haven't lived until you've seen Barry Chuckle waving his cucumber about.
That and many other delights await audiences at this year's Hull New Theatre
Christmas spectacular, Cinderella, which sees the Chuckle Brothers on imperious
panto for m. Oh yes it does. It's a familiar story. girl meets Prince. Girl's
evil step-sisters stop her going to the ball. Fairy Godmother makes girl's
dreams come true and girl loses glass slipper, but finds true love.

The production as a whole is bright, brash and colourful - with plenty of
sequins and fabulous frocks to gawp at - but it's the Chuckles' comic
interludes, almost stand-alone comedy set pieces, that really raise the roof.

I won't spoil the surprise here, but it's fair to say there's enough slapstick
to keep the kids happy, while a distinct vein of blue humour flies yards above
the youngsters' heads to keep the grown-ups in naughty hysterics.

All in all, another cracking panto from a pair of consummate comedians at the
top of their game, ably assisted by a slick, fun and wholehearted production.Ian
Midgley

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TOP OF THEIR GAME: Chuckle Brothers Barry, left, and Paul.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDM


                         Copyright 2011 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved

                              478 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                       Evening Chronicle (Newcastle, UK)

                           December 5, 2009 Saturday

Theatre

BYLINE: Gordon Barr

SECTION: A; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 216 words


DURHAM: Gala Theatre, Millennium Place 0191 332 4040. Dick Whittington: Until
Dec 13  Fri 1.30pm;  Tue-Thu, Sat 7pm;  Thu, Sat 2pm;  Fri 10am;   Mon-Thu 10am;
Mon-Thu 1.30pm;  Sat 2pm;  Sat 7pm;  Sun 1pm;  Sun 5pm, £13.50.

Ramside Hotel, 0191 386 5282. High School Panto: Until tomorrow 1pm-4pm, £8.

NEWCASTLE: Journal Tyne Theatre, 08444 934567. The Chuckle Brothers: A Christmas
Chuckle: The seemingly immortal Chuckle brothers take on the tale of A Christmas
Carol. Today 2pm, 5pm, £16.

Northern Stage, Barras Bridge 0191 230 5151. Peter Pan: Adaptation of J.M
Barrie's classic children's tale. Until Jan 9 2010,  £5.50 to £19.

The Prince and The Penguin: A prince hears a tale of a penguin, a polar bear and
some pirates. Until Jan 2 2010, £6 to £8.

SUNDERLAND: Sunderland Empire, High Street West, 0191 566 1040. The Sound of
Music: The Sound of Music is the perfect family treat. Until tomorrow, £15 to
£35.

SOUTH SHIELDS: The Customs House, Mill Dam 0191 454 1234. Sleeping Beauty: Until
Dec 20, £8 to £15.

BLYTH: The Phoenix Theatre, Beaconsfield Street 01670 367228. Sleeping Beauty:
Until Dec 12   7.15pm;  Sat 1.15pm;  Sat 5.30pm;  Sun  4pm, £10.50.

WHITLEY BAY: Playhouse, Marine Avenue 0191 252 3505, 0844 493 4567. Joseph and
the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat: Until tomorrow £13 to £24.50.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Newcastle Chronicle & Journal Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              479 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                Hull Daily Mail

                              March 9, 2007 Friday

The chuckle brothers saved the day

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 303 words


Margaret Thatcher, Napoleon, Mickey Mouse and John Prescott all got namechecks
during last week's annual  city council budget-setting beanfeast.

But none of them can be credited for saving Labour's flagship free school meals
policy from a watery grave.

Neither for that matter can Johnson and Johnson (local Labour MPs Alan and Diana
rather than some firm of dodgy solicitors).

For I can exclusively reveal the true saviours of the day were in fact The
Chuckle Brothers.

Yes, thanks to those mustachioed masters of mirth from Rotherham our kids can
still enjoy free scran at lunchtimes.

How come? I hear you cry.

Well, as we all know by now the budget was eventually agreed after councillors
voted to support a series of Labour amendments to original proposals put forward
by the Liberal Democrats.

The amendments included the headline-grabbing move to retain free school meals
as well as avoiding closing old people's homes.

But closer inspection reveals they also include an intention to dip into
something called the cultural services trading reserve to help balance the
books.

Council reserves are usually pots of money stashed away for a rainy day.

In this case, a hefty £125,000 is being taken from the reserve to bolster
Labour's budget plans for the coming 12 months.

The reserve is actually made up from profits recorded at the council's main
entertainment venues, including the New Theatre.

And who have just broken all box-office records at said venue?

Yes, none other than Barry and Paul Chuckle, who helped sell more tickets for
their recent outing in Cinderella than any other panto in the history of Hull.

So there we have it, everyone (apart from the Lib Dems) living happily ever
after  at least until the next political upheaval at the Guildhall.

Who would have thought that was possible at the city council these days?

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 Hull Daily Mail
                              All Rights Reserved

                              480 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                                 July 21, 2003

Lots Of Entertainment In City

SECTION: Features; General; Letters; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 123 words


Sir, - M Davis is wrong when he says Stoke-on-Trent is laughable.  Our city has
a lot to offer. We have the Victoria Hall, the Regent Theatre, the Potteries
Museum, Dimensions, the Ski Centre, plus the Britannia Stadium. We have had
major stars at the Regent Theatre who have appeared in plays such as Blood
Brothers, Joseph, and The Rocky Horror Show.  We have also had various big names
at the Victoria Hall. The city has also catered well for children. The Chuckle
Brothers were excellent in last year's pantomime Aladdin.  This year Sooty the
bear puppet will be appearing in Snow White, which is yet another favourite
among the children.  Expensive names don't necessarily guarantee the best
entertainment.  NAME AND ADDRESS SUPPLIED

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2003 The Sentinel (Stoke)

                              481 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                              Scunthorpe Telegraph

                           February 26, 2015 Thursday

'We're the only ones doing this style of comedy'

SECTION: ENTS:OTHER; Pg. 42-43

LENGTH: 503  words


ONE of comedy's best-loved double acts are returning to Scunthorpe - with their
take on the classic Wizard of Oz tale.

There is not a living room in the country that won't have been entertained by
the Rotherham-born Chuckle Brothers at some point.

They are best known for their slapstick BBC television show ChuckleVision, as
well as a host of live shows and pantos - and a recent collaboration with rapper
Tinchy Stryder.

The duo return to the Baths Hall in The Chuckles of Oz, which will take place
from 2pm and 5pm on Sunday, March   8.

And Paul said he is looking forward to returning to the area.

"I lived in Crowle for five years and I was a local back    in 2002," he  said.

"I went to Belton and I used to do a lot of shopping in Scunthorpe.

"It is a really nice place and I am looking forward to doing this show" he said.

Dorothy, the Tin Man, the Cowardly Lion and the Scarecrow are among the familiar
characters who join the Wizards (played by Paul and Barry) for this new version
of the old favourite.

Audiences will get a unique glimpse into the Emerald City in a production packed
with all the ingredients that make for a fun-packed family show, including
audience participation, laugh-out-loud comedy and spectacular sets, costumes and
special effects.

Paul said: "It is a fantastic story and we have the  biggest sets and superb
costumes.

"We started getting stuff together in April last year and we started rehearsing
at the end of November."

And he said the show has had a great reaction so far.

The Chuckles recently hit the news when they worked on a charity single titled
To Me, To You (Bruv) with rapper and I'm A Celebrity star Tinchy Stryder.

Paul said the unusual collaboration came about in a chance encounter.

He said: "The song was great fun.

"We were on Celebrity Juice with him at the same time and me and Tinchy got on
like wildfire.

"We had a great time filming the video and it came out really well."

And Paul said he is in talks with the company behind the video - SBTV - with
some exciting things in the pipeline.

"Jamal Edwards is the founder of SBTV and he is talking about doing a  charity
album with lots of different people, including Eminem."

The Chuckles are celebrating 52 years in showbusiness - and show no signs of
slowing down.

Paul said: "We just keep plodding on.

"This tour goes through to June and there are 48 dates.

"We are doing places like Skegness, Great Yarmouth and Bridlington", he said.

Paul said they also have a few other irons in the fire.

"There is the possibility of  a game show and even doing a little bit with Black
Lace."

Paul said they love the audience reaction at the shows.

He said: "We just like to  get laughs and it is nice to  see and hear the
audience really appreciate the  comedy.

"We are the only people left in the business doing our style of comedy.

"If you want to have a good laugh, then come along."

Tickets are  £14 each with a family ticket - two adults and two children -
available for £52.

To book, call 0844 8542776 or visit tickets.scunthorpe theatres.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: comedy veterans: The Chuckle Brothers, Paul and Barry

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved

                              482 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                            Staffordshire Newsletter

                             June 5, 2014 Thursday

SECTION: ENTS:THEATRE; Pg. 84

LENGTH: 312  words


THE REGENT Theatre will play host to some of the best family entertainment shows
over the next few months.

The Chuckle Brothers, Barry and Paul, begin the feast of family fun on Saturday,
(2pm) when  they bring their new show The Chuckle Brothers in a 2014 Space
Oddity to the theatre.

The brothers visit a toy shop to buy some water pistols and while there they
notice a toy space ship which they get in. When the shopkeeper warns them not to
touch the button the inevitable happens and they end up going into space on a
new adventure. This is a show for all the family to enjoy.

Just over a week later, on Sunday, June 15 (11am and 2.30pm) The Sooty Show
heads into town in a new show to delight the whole family. Joining the nation's
favourite bear will be Sweep, Soo and Sooty's television partner Richard Cadell
who will be attempting to keep Sooty from getting up to mischief. There will
also be a chance to meet Richard and Sooty after the show.

In August Scooby-Doo and the gang are back by popular demand and with The
Mystery of the Pyramid.  Scooby-Doo, Shaggy, Fred, Velma and Daphne arrive in
Egypt where they must solve the mystery of the Pharaoh Hatchepsout's Pyramid.
Along the way the gang has to deal with mysterious mummies plus the wrath of the
Pharaoh who will transform anyone who dares to approach the pyramid into stone.
The show runs on Tuesday, August 12,  at 6.30pm and the following day at 2.30pm
and 6.30pm.

At Christmas Stoke's  favourite comedy duo Jonathan Wilkes and Christian
Patterson return in this year's Regent Panto, Dick Whittington. The show has all
the traditional panto ingredients - sensational songs, dazzling dance routines,
comedy and plenty of audience participation. This year's panto runs from Friday,
November 28, to Sunday, January 4, 2015.

Tickets for all of the above shows are available at the box office on 0844 871
7649 .

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2014 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved

                              483 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                    The Sun

                                  May 2, 2003

BIZARRE

BYLINE: Victoria Newton

LENGTH: 51 words


    IT seems the CHEEKY GIRLS are on the hunt for some twin brothers to spice up
their love lives. MONICA and GABRIELA IRIMIA have the same bad taste in men.
Monica joked: "I don't know if the CHUCKLE BROTHERS are twins - but I'm sure
they're available." Just imagine what their kids would look like...


LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2003 NEWS GROUP NEWSPAPERS LTD

                              484 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                              Retford Times series

                               February 14, 2013

To me, to you, to him ... And him

SECTION: Pg. 25

LENGTH: 179  words


The Chuckle Brothers were reunited with two of their four siblings ahead of
their Retford show at the weekend.

Slapstick duo Paul and Barry were joined by their older brothers Jimmy and Brian
- who themselves perform as the Patton Brothers - for touring production '
Chuckle Brothers Meet the Phantom', which played to delighted audiences at the
Majestic Theatre on Saturday afternoon.

Although the foursome have not officially performed comedy together since 1979,
they link up for the Chuckles' annual stage show each year.

They travel up and down the country in a luxury camper-van, followed by their
entourage, and pass the time by playing cards on long journeys.

"The play is typical Chuckles - it's a good story with a lot of audience
participation," said Doncaster-based Paul.

"We came up with the script in about ten minutes, then threw the gags in later.

"The dynamic between us all is good - we always get on well. We are two separate
double acts and there is no clash," added Barry, who lives in Maltby near
Rotherham.

"We always enjoy Retford - it's nearly home for us."

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 91


                    Copyright 2013 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              485 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                            Scarborough Evening News

                                February 6, 2008

Do you know this Chuckles fan?

LENGTH: 113  words


ARE you the girl pictured next to a Chuckle Brother?

If so then you can claim the photograph which has been given to the Evening News
by the photographer.

Gloria Freear, of Northstead, took this picture of Barry Chuckle when the comedy
duo switched on the Christmas lights at The Copper Horse pub/restaurant in
Seamer.

She said: "It was good to see the Chuckle Brothers. I was taking a photo of my
daughter with them and I thought it was a nice picture of the girl. It's a
lovely little picture."

Mrs Freear added she would be happy to let the person in the picture keep it if
they wanted to. If you recognise the girl and want the photograph contact the
Evening News on (01723) 383805.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              486 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Mirror

                            April 28, 2007 Saturday
                                 3 Star Edition

PAUL'S FALL HAS BRITS CHUCKLING

BYLINE: BY MARK JEFFRIES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 154 words


CHUCKLE Brothers star Paul Elliott broke his nose and bruised his legs after
falling off a motorbike on holiday in Greece - and was then taunted by passing
British tourists.

The 59-year-old children's TV favourite was lying dazed on the road in Kefalonia
when a car pulled up beside him.

But instead of giving a helping hand, the car-load of Brits laughed and yelled
the Chuckle Brothers' famous catchphrase: "To me, to you."

Paul, who stars with brother Barry in BBC1's Chuckle Vision, said: "I was
feeling like Marlon Brando in The Wild Ones when I suddenly I took this blind
and steep curve.

"To my horror, there were goats all over the place. I knew if I didn't brake and
swerve, I'd have gone into them.

"As I braked I lost control. The next thing I knew, I was on the floor."

A friend of Paul's said: "The British tourists recognised him. As he was
struggling with the bike he heard chants of 'To me, to you' - then laughter."

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BRUISED: Paul

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2007 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              487 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                               Brentwood Gazette

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday

Something for everyone at the Civic

SECTION: ENTS:THEATRE; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 258  words


THERE is something to suit all tastes and ages at Chelmsford Civic Theatres over
the Easter holidays, from The Chuckle Brothers to the Philharmonia Orchestra.

On Thursday, April 9 audiences can prepare for a family fun-packed show The
Chuckles of Oz, starring the hilarious Chuckles Brothers, Paul and Barry. The
show is packed with audience participation, laugh-out-loud comedy and
spectacular sets, costumes and special effects.

Sing-a-long Frozen will be coming to the theatre on Wednesday, April 8 at
6.30pm. The show consists of a screening with lyrics of the Disney favourite,
Frozen. Audience members are invited to dress up as their favourite Frozen
characters and help Elsa and Anna by singing along with all the hits.

For  those interested in classical music, the M&G Philharmonia Orchestra Strings
concert at the Civic Theatre on Sunday, March 29 .The concert showcases the
talents of the Philharmonia's concert master, Zsolt-Tihamer Visontay.

The renowned, award-winning author, radio and TV personality Gervase Phinn will
be performing on Wednesday, April 1 for an evening of hilarious tales and
anecdotes about his life as a schools inspector in the Yorkshire Dales.

On Sunday, April 12, the last day of the Easter school holidays, there will be a
celebration of the music and life of Whitney - Queen Of The Night. This
production features a stellar line-up with rising West End star Rebecca
Freckleton as Whitney Houston.

To book tickets for any of these shows, visit www.chelmsford.  gov.uk/theatres
or call the box office on 01245 606505.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CELEBRATING WHITNEY: Rebecca Freckleton comes to the Civic
Concert: A classical treat

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved

                              488 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                              New Musical Express

                                 July 23, 2011

Dolly Parton considering move to Rotherham - Tabloid Hell

LENGTH: 143 words



HIGHLIGHT: Country singer has been checking out apartments in Chuckle Brothers'
hometown


Dolly Parton has revealed she is considering an unlikely move to Rotherham.

The country singer has said that she is looking for somewhere to  hide out  -
and the South Yorkshire town, famed for being the home of The Chuckle Brothers,
seems to fit the bill.

Parton commented:I was looking for a little apartment. I thought that would be a
great place for me to go and hide out. So you never know. You may be walking
down the streets of Rotherham and see me coming out of a little cubbyhole
somewhere.

She made the revelation in BBC Radio 4  documentary How Dolly Got Rotherham
Reading, which was broadcast this morning (July 23).

The show told the story behind Parton's children's literacy charity Imagination
Library, which she opened a branch of in Rotherham four years ago.

The town's musical alumni include Muse's Chris Wolstenholme and Pulp drummer
Nick Banks.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                        Copyright 2011 IPC Magazines Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              489 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                              Sheffield Telegraph

                             August 6, 2013 Tuesday

Chuckle Brothers fun at Sheffield station

LENGTH: 292  words


From Sheffield to Cleethorpes - it's time for some seaside fun in the sun.

Commuters at Sheffield station were treated to a bucket-and-spade full of beach
fun and frolics in the rain when much-loved South Yorkshire comedy duo The
Chuckle Brothers pulled into town.

Barry and Paul Chuckle arrived in stripy bathing suits, complete with sand,
deckchairs and buckets and spades, to encourage Sheffielders to catch the train
and visit the seaside this summer.

The Rotherham siblings entertained the crowds at Sheffield's Midland Station
yesterday with their famous slapstick routines to mark the re-opening of the
Sheffield to Cleethorpes train line.

It was a case of Chuckle Vision as the station forecourt was transformed into a
replica Cleethorpes beach.

The pair joked with commuters and performed rib-tickling routines - complete
with their classic catchphrase from me to you'.

The rail route was closed for nearly six months following a landslip at Hatfield
near Doncaster but the service is back up and running again.

Victoria Tomlinson from First Trans Pennine Express said: "The landslip at
Hatfield and Stainforth was unprecedented and caused a significant amount of
disruption for rail passengers in the region and many of the local communities
along the                       route.

"Rail services are vital to supporting tourism and we are delighted we were able
to restore the line quicker than anticipated.

"To show our thanks for customers' patience we have introduced a two-for-one
walk-up ticket for journeys to and from Cleethorpes.

"We have worked with Visit Cleethorpes and the local council to promote some
fantastic offers for rail customers in the historic resort."

Barry and Paul will appear at Darlington Civic Theatre in Aladdin in December.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NSTE


                       Copyright 2013 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              490 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            Derby Evening Telegraph

                                February 9, 2001

CHUCKLE VISIT

SECTION: Showbiz: PUPPET SHOWS, Pg.03

LENGTH: 126 words


Derby showman Kevin Baines is to perform in his home city for the first time in
more than 20 years - with a troupe of 16 dancing ostriches.

Mr Baines, of Little Eaton, and his wife, Daphne, are to appear with the TV
comedy duo The Chuckle Brothers at Derby Assembly Rooms on February 21.

The show features a spooky story brought alive by the couple's animated
creations which include the ostriches, an 8ft dancing clock, flying ghosts,
singing skulls and the frogs' chorus.

The couple operate about 60 manually and mechanically controlled puppets.

Mr Baines, whose dad, Ken, was a ventriloquist and whose daughter, Marie (23),
is a singer, has performed his shows at the London Palladium three times.

- Light fantastic - See Week Out Page 13.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

                     Copyright 2001 Derby Evening Telegraph

                              491 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                  Western Mail

                           January 9, 2001, Wednesday

FUN FOR CHILDREN.

SECTION: ARTS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 62 words


A SERIES of children's events will be staged at St David's Hall in Cardiff this
spring and summer.

The Just Kidding series will start during the half-term holiday next month with
entertainment from television favourites Polkadot Shorts and The Chuckle
Brothers.

During the season there will also be appearances by Postman Pat, The Wiggles and
Rupert the Bear.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2001 Western Mail and Echo Ltd

                              492 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                            Nottingham Evening Post

                                October 16, 2000

Well versed in the pantomime arts?

BYLINE: By Jeremy Lewis

SECTION: News, Pg.15

LENGTH: 406 words


THOUSANDS of Nottingham children are looking forward to seeing the Theatre Royal
panto... but a talented youngster will be able go one better and join the cast.

The chance to upstage Bonnie Langford, Robin Askwith and the Chuckle Brothers
goes to the winner of a poetry competition exclusive to younger Evening Post
readers.

He or she will win...

A walk-on role in a performance of Jack and the Beanstalk, and a costume they
can keep.

A family VIP ticket for mum, dad, brothers and sisters to see the show and meet
the stars backstage.

A slot in the pantomime programme for the winning poem.

The competition is organised in association with pantomime sponsors Talentspot,
an online publishing company for the entertainment industry, dedicated to
helping anyone who wants to get into showbiz.

And there is a bonus for our winning youngster - his or her name will be entered
in a draw with winners from the other 29 Talentspot pantomimes around the
country, for a chance to win a Virgin Holiday trip for a family of four to
Hollywood, with GBP 1,000 spending money. The all inclusive package includes an
overnight stay at LHR Park Hotel, seven nights at Disney's new Grand Californian
Hotel, unlimited Disneyland pass, transfers, car hire, insurance and a trip to
Universal Studios.

Three runners -up will win family tickets to the opening night of Jack and the
Beanstalk and have their poems in the programme.

The competition is open to children aged five to 15 inclusive. Poems must be the
original work of a single child, 100 words maximum, and written on a single
sheet of paper which will not be returned. The entrant's name, age, full address
and telephone number must be written on the back.

Closing date is October 27 to: Pantomime Competition, Marketing Department,
Theatre Royal, Theatre Square, Nottingham NG1 5ND.

Royal Centre and Nottingham Post Group employees and family members are not
eligible to enter. Competition prizes must be taken as stated and in no other
form, and the winner will be required to take part in publicity arising from the
competition. The winner and runners-up will be notified by post within seven
days of the closing date.

The judges' decision is final and no correspondence will be entered into. NPG
competition rules also apply - available on request or see advertisement in
today's paper.

For more details of Talentspot pantomimes, go online to www.talentspot.com

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: TWO'S COMPANY: Comedy duo The Chuckle Brothers Bonny Langford will play
the principal boy role of Jack in the pantomime

                     Copyright 2000 Nottingham Evening Post

                              493 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                             Gainsborough Standard

                           January 22, 2015 Thursday

Retford: Follow the Chuckle-brick road to family fun with the brothers

LENGTH: 144  words


The Chuckle Brothers are back at the Majestic Theatre in Retford next month with
their brand new live show, The Chuckles of Oz.

Dorothy, The Tin Man, the Cowardly Lion and the Scarecrow are among the familiar
characters who join Wizards Paul and Barry for this new version of the familiar
Wizard of Oz story.

This brand new production will give you a unique glimpse into the Emerald City -
Chuckle Brothers style - in a fun packed family show brimming with
laugh-out-loud comedy.

Click together the heels of your ruby red slippers and head for the land of
Chuckles.

Suitable for anyone aged three to 103, The Chuckles of Oz is on at The Majestic
on 14th February at 2pm.

Tickets priced £14 (£16 box seat, £52 family ticket for two adults and two
children) are available now from the box office on 01777 706866.

Alternatively, visit the website at www.majesticretford.com

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NGAS


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              494 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                   Metro (UK)

                           November 5, 2014 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

Chuckles give Cherries a ripe laugh;
ODDBALLS Strange stories from the world of sport

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 55

LENGTH: 49 words


BOURNEMOUTH are flying high at the moment but their season may just have peaked
when they found themselves booked into the same hotel as the Chuckle Brothers.
Defender Ian Harte (on the right) posted a snap on Twitter with the message:
'Look who is in our hotel!! Chuckle brothers To you to me ....'

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MTRscot


                   Copyright 2014 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              495 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                                   Daily Star

                              July 30, 2010 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

I'm cheap ...get me in there!;
CELEB BUDGET HALVED

BYLINE: KATIE BEGLEY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 212 words


ITV bosses are hiring a gang of Z-list no-marks to swing into the I'm A Celeb
jungle this year.

The channel is ploughing so much money into making the series in high definition
and ramping up the Bushtucker Trials, they have run out of money.

And two of their most bizarre targets are children's TV stars The Chuckle
Brothers.

Barry, 65, and Paul Elliot, 62, have already been approached to head Down Under
in November. A show source said: "This year's show is going to be bigger and
better than ever.

"High definition will really make a difference because we'll be getting up close
and personal to all those creepy crawlies.

"But obviously when large amounts of cash are being spent on one area then there
have to be a few cutbacks in other areas."

But bosses think they will still have a top line-up as the has-beens have been
the most entertaining campers in the past.

Partners

In 2008 Timmy Mallett, 54, and David Van Day, 53, took over the series while
comedy partners Tommy Cannon, 72, and Bobby Ball, 66, proved a huge hit with
fans in 2005.

But top-paid stars like Martina Navratilova, 53, and Star Trek's George Takei,
73, were branded boring by fans.

A spokesman for the show said: "Viewers can look forward to some great names
entering the jungle."

katie.begley@dailystar.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TOP TRIALS: Hosts Ant & Dec
DESPERATE TIMES: Chuckle Brothers are tipped to appear

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DST


                       Copyright 2010 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              496 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                                Wales on Sunday

                             March 3, 2002, Sunday

IT'S THE QUEEN OF THE CROP

BYLINE: Valley Boy

SECTION: COLUMNS; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 139 words


I WAS glad to hear that my old mate Corky has decided to celebrate the Jubilee.

Formerly a staunch republican, he sent me a press release about the new venture
he and his partner, Mr L Vercotti , are undertaking - a Right Royal Knees-Up.

That's what it's called - it's to be held on the waste ground round the back of
Super Save.

According to Corky, John Inman has agreed to host the star-studded event, with
the raunchy Kiki Dee as his co-host.

Corky and Mr Vercotti say Kevin Whately, the Chuckle Brothers, Bobby Ball and
Bad Manners have all confirmed.

As a special treat, the show will re-unite sundered singers Paul Simon and Art
Garfunkel for a unique version of Monty Python's famous parrot sketch.

Topping the bill, Corky hopes to pull off a real coup - a set from a specially
reformed Mungo Jerry.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DEE-LIGHT: Co-host

                    Copyright 2002 Western Mail and Echo Ltd

                              497 of 500 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     October 23, 2014 Thursday 10:06 AM GMT

Watch Tinchy Stryder & The Chuckle Brothers - To Me, To You;
After months of waiting, the grime MC has finally unveiled his video featuring
TV presenters Paul and Barry Elliott

BYLINE: Guardian music

SECTION: MUSIC

LENGTH: 142 words


Stormzy, winner of Best Grime MC at Wednesday's Mobo Awards, may want to keep
his eye on the prize. Following months of teaser clips and images from the
studio, Tinchy Stryder has released his anticipated collaboration with
moustached TV duo the Chuckle Brothers - To Me, To You.

Out via Sbtv, the video, shot on the streets of quiet, humdrum UK suburbia,
showcases this very niche clash of cultures, its sole focus primarily on a
ladder, and who should be the possessor of said ladder.

While the track may just be a one-off, it does open up a whole new sub-genre
featuring 90s TV icons with grime artists. Skepta v Rosie and Jim? Lethal Bizzle
battling Bodger and Badger? Wiley v Dave Benson Phillips and the entire cast of
Saved By The Bell? The possibilities are endless.

Take a look at the video and let us know what you make of it.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2014 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              498 of 500 DOCUMENTS


                            Lancashire Evening Post

                               November 30, 2007

Fight 'ruined' Chuckle Brothers show

LENGTH: 438 words


Horrified members of a Preston pantomime audience, including young children,
looked on as a thug headbutted a security guard who told him not to light up.

A large group of excited panto goers were queuing to see the Chuckle Brothers in
the Aladdin pantomime show at the Guild Hall, Preston, when witnesses described
a "huge fight" which suddenly broke out.

Police attended an incident at 6.55pm on Wednesday following reports of an
assault at the Guild Hall, where a staff member was headbutted by another man
after he was asked to leave.

Witnesses describe him being forcibly removed from the building following an
attack before he charged back in.

They are searching for a man and a woman in connection with the incident.

Denise Reed, 30, of Cowley Road, Ribbleton, allowed her two children Shawn, six,
and Tiffany, nine, to go the show with a nephew as part of their Christmas
present.

She said: "There was a big build up and they were giddy - it was like Christmas
Day."

But Miss Reed said her children were so disturbed after witnessing a fight
while, they had to leave 20 minutes into the show.

She said: "They could not settle, Shawn kept saying, "are they going to hit me"
so they came home.

"They were very upset."

Tiffany, a pupil at Greenlands Community Primary School, on Downay Road,
Ribbleton, Preston said: "I was really scared.

"There was a big queue to go in then next thing there was a guy flying out the
door and he raced back in.

"I was really looking forward to the show."

Another witness said: "As we were handing our tickets to go in what looked like
a member of staff and another man were fighting.

"It broke out suddenly so there was no where we could go - it was a proper fight
and one of the men was was bloody.

"Quite a few other parents were there with their children and a few of the kids
were crying."

Chris Haylett, general manager of Preston Guildhall said: "The Guildhall is a
safe place and it was an isolated incident.

"This is the first time it has happened and I would like to reassure our
customers.

"We have apologised to customers who have complained to us."

A spokesperson for Lancashire Police said: "We are investigating an assault on a
member of the Guild Hall staff.

"Anybody with information should contact PC Walker on 01772 203203 or call
Crimestoppers."

The police are looking for a man about 50 years of age, with short grey hair,
wearing a black hip length leather jacket with black trousers.

They are also looking for a lady who was with him.

She was wearing a blazer, red blouse and a grey skirt.

If you have any information call Lancashire police on 01772 203203 or call
Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved

                              499 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                                  May 30, 2002

PARTY TIME: Two fun shows are on their way to Stoke-on-Trent

BYLINE: R. EPORTER

SECTION: FEATURES; ARTS; Performingarts; Pg. 10-NEWS

LENGTH: 79 words


PARTY TIME: Two fun shows are on their way to Stoke-on-Trent Jungle Party gets
under way at the Victoria Hall on Tuesday at 1pm. It is billed as a great show
for kids, who can to turn up as their favourite animals.

The second show is the popular panto Aladdin (pictured) which comes to the
Potteries in December.

The show, at The Regent from December 12 to January 12, will star the Chuckle
Brothers.

For more information on either show call 01782 213800

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2002 The Sentinel (Stoke)

                              500 of 500 DOCUMENTS

                              The Sentinel (Stoke)

                                  May 30, 2002

FUN TIME: Two shows are set to be performed in Hanley

BYLINE: R. EPORTER

SECTION: FEATURES; ARTS; Performingarts; Pg. 10-NEWS

LENGTH: 78 words


FUN TIME: Two shows are set to be performed in Hanley Jungle Party gets under
way at the Victoria Hall on Tuesday at 1pm. It is billed as a great show for
kids, who can to turn up as their favourite animals.

The second show is the popular panto Aladdin (pictured) which comes to the
Potteries in December.

The show, at The Regent from December 12 to January 12, will star the Chuckle
Brothers.

For more information on either show call 01782 213800

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                      Copyright 2002 The Sentinel (Stoke)
